A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to Detox. BrAC 0.222.
Malfunctioning steam pipe caused the Alarm in the building to go off.  Turned over to UNL maintenance.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and subsequently cited and released for One headlight at night and Possess loaded shotgun on highway.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited and released for Fictitious Plates, Open Title, No Valid Registration, DUS, and No Proof of Insurance. Vehicle was towed to Capitol Towing.
Officers responded to a general fire alarm at Theta Xi which was found to be caused by a pipe that had broken.
UNLPD Ofc. assisted LPD with UNL video footage from a robbery which just occurred near East Campus.
Two male UNL-Students were contacted for urinating on the City Campus Student Union.  Both showed signs of consuming alcoholic beverages and one tested a .238 BAC and the other a .209 BAC.  One male was issued a citation for minor in possession and littering while the second was issued a citation for littering.  Both parties were placed into civil protective custody, transported to The Bridge, and released to the care of the staff.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The party was lodged for driving under suspension and cited for no valid registration.
Contractor improperly disposed of flammable material which later began to smolder. Lincoln Fire and Rescue was dispatched and extinguished the fire.
Two females (one UNL Student) were contacted inside of the Ice Box for consuming alcoholic beverages while being under the age of 21.  The UNL student was issued a citation or minor in possession of alcohol by consumption and released.  The non-UNL student was placed into civil protective custody, transported to The Bridge, issued a citation for minor in possession of alcohol, and released to the care of the staff with a .206 BAC.
Officers and LFR responded to the Ice Box in reference to a general Fire Alarm.  The alarm was determined to be accidentally activated by the cleaning crew and it was reset by LFR personnel.
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The male was cited and lodged for DUS.
Offensive voicemails left on a staff member's phone line. Suspect identified as living out of state.
2 non-students were contacted on a traffic stop.  1 was cited/lodged for Refuse a Chemical Test, DUI, Refuse PBT, Open Container and Disobey a Traffic Control Device.  1 was cited and released to The Bridge for Open Container (.305 BrAC).
Damage to a window at Memorial Stadium.  Damage appears to be done from the cold weather.
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop for reckless driving.  The male was cited and released for DUI (.119 BrAC) and Reckless Driving.
Traffic stop resulted in the driver being cited and released for DUS.
Report of a missing adult.  No suspicious circumstances regarding the missing person.
Non-UNL student contacted on a traffic stop and was suspended. Driver was cited and lodged for DUS.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted after attempting to enter several UNL buildings. Upon contact party ran from officers and a foot pursuit ensued. Party was captured and lodged in jail for Obstructing a Peace Officer.
Report of minor property damage to residence believed to have been caused by a dumpster being pushed into the building by undetermined means.
Non student stopped for fictitious plates.  Driver was found to have no driver's license out of the State of Nebraska.  Cited/released for Fictitious Plates and No License.
One UNL student and one non-student contacted in a dorm room reference a narcotics complaint. UNL student turned over a marijuana cigarette and was cited for possession of marijuana less than an ounce and possession of paraphernalia.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and found to have a suspended license. Party was cited and released for DUS
UNL student contacted on a traffic stop for violating a stop sign and found to be under the influence of alcohol. Driver cited for DUI < 150 and violating a stop sign. (.121 BAC)
A student reported items missing from his dorm room after he returned from break.  There were no signs of forced entry and there are no suspects at this time.  Loss estimated at $424.00.
A student reported an item missing from his dorm room after he returned from break.  There were no signs of forced entry and no suspects at this time.  Loss estimated at $50.00.
4 students were contacted in a room on a narcotics complaint.  The students admitted to being around marijuana earlier, but consented to a search and no narcotics were located.
1 student and 2 non-students were contacted reference a narcotics complaint.  1 student was cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and MIP.  The 2 non-students were cited for MIP.
A non-student was contacted for intoxication.  He was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.157 BrAC).
Non UNL affiliate stopped for no license plates on vehicle, found to be suspended, cited and released for Driving Under Suspension and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
Report of a two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the Abel Hall parking lot.
A hair straightener was left on in a Selleck Hall dorm room and caused the counter to start smoking thus causing the alarm to sound.
Student reported their bike was stolen from the racks in front of Abel Hall within the last three weeks.
UNL Student playing basketball at Rec Center had a bone displacement of left ankle, transported to Bryan West by LFR for treatment.
UNL student cut their thumb in a catering lab, causing them to faint. LFR on scene, medical refused.
UNL student contacted on a traffic stop and his driving privileges were found to be suspended. Driver cited and released.
UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Paraphernalia after being contacted in his dorm room.
UNL student transported to the hospital for health related issues.
A UNL employee suffered a diabetic episode while sitting in a UNL van located in the parking lot of NETV.  Refused medical.
Smell of Marijuana coming from room in the Knoll Residence center, contact was made with room and marijuana and drug paraphernalia were found. UNL Student cited for Possession of Marijuana Less than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
Transportation Services reported a hit and run accident to one of their fleet vehicles that was parked on the property.
UNL student reported that unknown person used their Bank of China credit card in New Jersey, $4500 loss.
Officers dispatched to an odor of marijuana.  A UNL student was cited and released for possession of marijuana less than one ounce.
UNL student contacted and taken to The Bridge (.227 BAC).
UNL student reported bullying behavior by unknown people driving by in a vehicle.
Hit and Run accident in the 1801 parking garage, $750 damage.
UNL faculty member reported that their work e-mail account had been affected by a phishing scam.
Female at health center suffering chest pains, taken to Bryan East by LFR for further treatment.
Non student suspended driver observed operating a motor vehicle.  Vehicle was stopped and driver was cited/released for DUS.
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding.  He was lodged in jail on 2 warrants and cited for DUS and Speeding.
A student suffered a medical emergency.  They were transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening sickness.
A student reported a medical emergency.  She was transported to the hospital was a non-life threatening sickness.
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was lodged on active warrants and cited for DUS, No Registration and No Insurance.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop for violating a stop sign.  He was cited and released for Aggravated DUI (.237 BrAC) and Violating a Stop Sign.
2 students were contacted for suspicious behavior by a UNL Building.  1 student ran from officers, was apprehended and transported to jail.  He was lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer and cited for MIP (.122 BrAC).  The other student as cited and transported to The Bridge for MIP (.242 BrAC).
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS, No Valid Registration and No Insurance.
UNL student reported losing a wallet and contents thereof.
Parked vehicle sustained damage to a tail light cover some time during the past several days.
UNL student complaining of different people following him.
3 students were contacted in a dorm room on a narcotics complaint.  2 students were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
A student suffered a medical emergency.  She was transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening condition.
A non-student was contacted due to his behavior from intoxication.  He was transported to The Bridge (.177 BrAC partial sample).
A male student was contacted due to his level of intoxication.  He was taken into protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.241 BrAC).
A student was contacted after being observed passed out in the hallway of a dorm.  The male was found to be intoxicated, placed into protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.160 BrAC)
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The party was cited and lodged for DUS.
Unknown person(s) removed padlock securing a grate to an air handling shaft and are suspected of having made entry into the air handling shaft near NETV.  Additional concerns reported regarding transient activity in the area of the building.  No suspects at this time.
Larceny from vehicle occurring near Stadium Drive and T Street.  Suspect(s) entered vehicle and stole toilet paper and suntan lotion from inside of vehicle and subsequently vandalized the vehicle with the stolen sun tan lotion.  No suspects at this time.
UNL student reports a missing black Iphone 5 from his office.
Vehicle stopped for expired registration at N14th, and Salt Creek Road. Driver found to have been drinking. Driver taken to Bridge where they tested .103 BAC, Cited for Driving under the Influence and No Valid Registration and released to sober party. Non UNL Affiliate
UNL student stopped for wrong way on a one way. She was taken to The Bridge and cited for DWI (.179 BAC).
UNL student contacted after showing signs of intoxication.  Cited/released for MIP-C (.054 BAC).
Non-student contacted for showing signs of intoxication and taken to The Bridge (.220 BAC).
UNL staff member reported losing her purse and contents in the downtown Lincoln area on 01/17/15.  To date no items have been recovered.
Three UNL students cited/released for MIP after being contacted in a dorm room with alcohol.
Odor of marijuana from a dorm room.  No contraband located.
A UNL student was contacted for the odor of marijuana emitting from his room.  The student was issued a citation for possession of marijuana < 1 oz and possession of drug paraphernalia
UNL student cited/released for MIP after being contacted in his dorm.
Disturbance between two fraternities.
UNL female student reported she was sexually assaulted on campus.  Investigation continues.
UNL student reported their iPhone 5s was taken from a room in Nebraska Hall, $200 loss.
Lincoln Fire & Rescue (LFR) transported a UNL student to Bryan West after he experienced multiple seizures.
UNL student reported that they had lost their China Passport, and other documents somewhere in the city of Lincoln
UNL Student suffer abdominal pain at College of Business Administration, LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for treatment.
Report of a UNL Student having a seizure.  Transported to Bryan LGH-West for further treatment.
UNL staff reports the theft of money collected for a social fund from her desk drawer.  Money could have been misplaced.  Investigation continues.
UNL student lost their wallet near Selleck Hall, $50 loss.
UNL student reports a lost brown leather tri-fold wallet and contents while riding on a Start Tran bus.
A non-student was contacted on traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for DUS and No Proof of Insurance.
UNL student reports the theft of $20 from her unattended wallet.
A swastika was drawn on a white board in Abel Hall, by unknown person(s). Victim does not want an investigation done at this time.
Non UNL affiliated person broke their arm while doing a back handspring at Mabel Lee Hall, transported to Bryan East by LFR.
A student reported a threat made by another student.  The party responsible was interviewed and the threat was found to no be valid.
Fire alarm pull station was accidentally activated.  No fire and no damage.
A student was contacted for intoxication.  Transported to The Bridge (BrAC .386).
Vehicle reported to have been struck by another unknown vehicle while parked on East Campus.
UNL student reports the theft of a blue bag with contents from an unsecured hallway locker.
A student suffered a medical emergency and LFR was summoned.  The student refused transport to the hospital.
A search warrant was executed on a dorm room after the odor of marijuana was smelled emitting from the room.  4 students were cited and released. 1 student for Possession of Marijuana > 1 oz < 1 pound, MIP and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. 1 student for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and MIP. 1 student for Possession of Drug Paraphernlia and MIP and 1 student only for MIP.
A non-student was contacted on an outstanding warrant.  After arrest a search yielded less than 1 oz of marijuana.  The party was cited and lodged in jail on the warrants.
UNL student called for medical attention due to excessive alcohol consumption.
Report of a vehicle striking the north entrance gate into the garage.  Damage consisted of a broken gate arm.
Report of 7 strings of decorative lights pulled from trees on the north side of the Osborne Complex.
Non student stopped for fictitious plates. Cited/released for DUS/Fictitious Plates/Expired Registration.  Lodged on outside warrant.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop.  Found to be under the age of 21, a large amount of alcohol was confiscated from the vehicle.  The student was cited and released for MIP.
A student was transported to the hospital by LFR for a high level of intoxication.  Not believed to be life threatening.
UNL owned "bait bike" was stolen and not recovered.  Investigation continues.
Report of disturbance between two Non UNL persons, by the City Union. One cited for disturbance the peace and banned from UNL.
UNL student reported being blackmailed after making a Skype call to the Philippines, $700 loss.
UNL student hurt her ankle when she fell down stairs (declined medical transport).
A student reports a sexual assault occurring in a UNL Parking Lot.  The suspect has not been contacted at this time. The investigation is on-going.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension and No Insurance.
UNL student transported to Bryan West (by LFR) for a stomach virus.
UNL student transported from the Schorr Center to the hospital after complaining of having food poisoning.
UNL student fainted while at the Rec Center, taken to Bryan West by LFR for further treatment.
UNL student receiving unwanted text messages.
Minor accident involving two vehicles in a parking lot. Information exchanged.
Items stolen form a locker in the Rec Center.
Driver sustained minor injuries in an accident. Cleared medically at Bryan West and transported to The Bridge.
Non-student involved in an accident.  Taken to The Bridge where he was cited for DWI (.188 BAC), leaving the scene of an accident, refuse chemical test and reckless driving.
UNL employee collapsed while performing their job duties.  Employee was conscious and alert, but was transported to the hospital for further evaluation.
Inside of a trash can damaged by a small fire. A lit cigarette butt was the likely cause.
UNLPD learned of a procuring alcohol case while investigating another case.  Investigation continues.
UNL student reported losing their wallet in an unknown location, $20 loss.
Vandalism to a room in Harper Hall, mirror torn from wall, $50 damage.
Vehicle broke the entry gate arm to the 1801 50 50 parking garage, $900 damage.
A UNL teachers assistant reported her peace was disturbed during one of her classes by a UNL student.
UNL student fell down some stairs in Nebraska Hall causing injury to her ankle. LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan LGH west for further treatment.
UNL student fell on a piece of exercise equipment at Campus Recreation Center hitting their head. LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan LGH west for further treatment.
A non student was cited for Disturbing the Peace after running at a student and yelling at her.  The non-student was under the influence of a possible narcotic and was transported to The Bridge.
2 students were contacted in a dorm room on a narcotics complaint.  1 student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
4 juveniles were contacted for stealing a bike.  2 of the juveniles were referred to the County Attorney for Theft.  All were transported home.
4 juveniles were contacted for suspicious behavior.  1 juvenile was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL employee left their phone in a City Union restroom and when they returned the phone was missing.
UNL staff member reported her vehicle was keyed while parked in the UNL parking lot  near 16th and X streets.  Investigation continues.
Report of a stolen front license plate in the City of Lincoln.
Report of a juvenile being struck in the face with a soccer ball.  Transported to Bryan LGH West for further treatment.
Investigation into a 3 vehicle collision which was caused by a UNL student.  PR was cited/released.
A non-student was contacted for trespassing and issued a policy letter.
Burnt popcorn activated fire alarm.  No damage.
2 UNL students contacted and transported to the Bridge.  Both parties cited/released for MIP-C.  BACs .255, and .146.
Report of a shattered 5'x4' exterior window on the second floor of Selleck 4000, south end of the hallway.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop for careless driving.  The student was cited and released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI (.220 BrAC), Careless Driving, MIP, Careless Driving and Minor Attempt to Purchase.
Non UNL affiliate reported feeling ill while attending swim meet.  Party transported to hospital for further examination.  Non-life threatening.
Report of a belated hit and run on the 4th floor of parking garage.  Damage consisted of a large dent to the front passenger side quarterpanel.
Report of a female "passed out" on the south exterior side of the building.  Female was alert/conscious and refused transport by LFR.
UNL student reported lost IPhone occurring down town. Unknown person called victim and said they would give phone back for $60. Contact was made with this person and phone recovered. Person cited for Possession of stolen property and lodged on warrants. Suspect of theft has not been contacted yet.
Two UNL students were cited and released for possession of marijuana < 1oz and possession of drug paraphernalia after being contacted in a parking lot.
Two UNL students were cited and released for possession of marijuana < 1oz and possession of drug paraphernalia after being contacted in a parking garage.
Officers dispatched in reference to an odor of marijuana in a dorm room.  No contraband was located.
UNL student bit someone she is in an on again/off again relationship with.  She was cited for Domestic Assault and taken to the Bridge (no BAC).
Two UNL students cited for MIP (.143 & .119 BAC).  Related to case 15000543.
UNL student was cited and released for DUI (.183 BAC), MIPC and disobey traffic control device. He was taken to jail on an outstanding warrant.
UNL student reported being sexually assaulted by someone she recently met. This occurred in a UNL dorm.
Two UNL students cited/released for MIP after alcohol was found in their dorm room.
3 UNL students were cited/released for MIP.  BACs .037, .062, and .081.
UNL student reported their vehicle was struck while it was parked (6 day timeframe) in the 1801 parking garage.  Investigation continues.
A check welfare of an UNL student was conducted. Student was found to be ok.
UNL staff member reported receiving a disturbing poster in his mail box in Westbrook Music Hall.
UNL student cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released. This occurred in Neihardt Hall.
Non UNL person reported unknown person took a Tupperware container with $200 inside of it. Money was collected for selling items at the Nebraska Right to Life Walk event at the City Union.
Fed Ex delivery truck backed into a UNL owned van and then left the area.  Investigation continues.
UNL student reported losing their cell phone in Lincoln.  Owner has used a phone app to trace it to two different locations.  Investigation continues.
UNL student lost their Verizon HTC One cell pone somewhere on City Campus between Abel Hall and Love Library, $100 loss.
A student reported a hit and run accident to his vehicle causing approximately $200.00 in damage.
A student suffered a medical emergency.  They refused transport to the hospital from LFR.
Driver gave false name during a traffic stop. The true identity of driver was established.
Accidental activation of a fire alarm in the building.
UNLPD employee injured as a result of a vehicle accident and treated for minor injuries.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for driving without headlights at night.  The driver was cited and transported to The Bridge for DUI (.138 BrAC), No Headlights at Night and No Valid Registration.
UNL student reported the loss of her wallet.
UNL student reports items lost/stolen on a bus.
5 non-affiliate females were contacted on an alcohol violation in a dorm.  3 were cited and released for MIP (.079, .066 and .087 BrAC's)
4 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  1 was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  1 was cited/released for Open Container.
3 students and 2 non-students were contacted on a traffic stop.  2 students were cited and released for MIP after alcohol was located in the vehicle.
Two non-students contacted and taken to The Bridge (.280 & .225 BAC).
Transient caused a disturbance at Love Library. Gone on arrival of officers. Broadcast issued.
Parked car was struck in the parking lot by an unknown vehicle. Minimal damage.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Officer located a missing juvenile. Turned over to LPD who was working the case.
A UNL student was contacted for being intoxicated.  The student was transported to The Bridge where he was issued a citation for Minor in Possession by Consumption and released to the care of the staff with a .230 BAC.
A UNL student was contacted after he was observed urinating in public.  The UNL student was issued a citation for Littering and released.
A UNL student was contacted in her dorm room for being extremely intoxicated.  The student was transported to the Bridge and turned over to the staff with a .237 BAC.
Two intoxicated non-UNL students were contacted for stealing construction signs.  The two were issued citations for Theft by Unlawful Taking, placed into civil protective custody, and transported to The Bridge where they were released to the care of the staff with a .203 BAC and a .118 BAC.
A UNL student was contacted for being extremely intoxicated (.232 BAC).  She was taken to The Bridge where she was turned over to the staff after being issued a citation for having a false identification card.
On 02-08-15, UNL student reports losing her phone while walking to campus.
Person stopped for no license plate at 19th and Vine Street. Found to be revoked, Cited for Driving During Revocation and No Valid Registration and released. Non UNL affiliated.
UNL student having a seizure 3rd floor of Memorial  Stadium, LFR on scene and transported student to St. Elizabeth for further treatment.
A UNL Student was contacted in his room after the odor of burnt marijuana was detected emitting from the residence.  A consent search yielded a small amount of marijuana and drug paraphernalia.  The UNL student was issued a citation for possession of marijuana less than one ounce and possession of drug paraphernalia.
UNL student reported being robbed of his Carhartt Beanie at 1520 R Street by unknown black male. With description suspect was stopped at 11th and N Street by LPD. Victim make positive id of suspect, who was then lodged in jail for Robbery and carrying a Concealed Weapon.
Belated report of damage to a bollard next to the Dental College dock area. Landscape Services has been notified.  This case is inactive.
NON UNL affiliated person cited for Disturbing the Peace at the UNL Children's Center. They threatened to kill the director of the Children's Center.
UNL student reported losing their purse between N 23 St and U St and City Campus, $110 loss.
2 UNL students and 1 SCC student were cited/released for MIP-C.  2 parties refused PBT, and 1 tested a BAC of .090.
Checked the well being of a disoriented person requesting assistance.
Two UNL students were cited for Disturbing the Peace, when music from their stereo in their apartment was turned up very loud. This was an ongoing issue.
Documentation of a UNL student falling victim to a 'phishing' scam in excess of $2200.  Investigation TOT'd outside jurisdiction. Case is inactive.
Documentation for the Federal Trade Commission to proceed with an identity theft investigation involving a UNL staff member.  Case is inactive.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to the Bridge Behavioral Health with a BAC of .286.
Five UNL Student contacted after a vehicle accident.  All five were cited/released for Minor In Possession of Alcohol.
Officers responded along with LFR to an activated fire alarm at a sorority.  The cause of the alarm was determined to be from a bag of burnt popcorn.
2 female parties (non-UNL affiliated) were contacted at their vehicle after officer identified one of the parties to have active warrants.  PC search yielded discovery of methamphetamine, marijuana < ounce, and drug paraphernalia.  Both parties lodged for possession of controlled substance (as well as on active warrants).  Additionally cited for possession of marijuana/paraphernalia.
A non-UNL student (male) was contacted for urinating in the Andersen Hall parking lot.  The male was issued a citation and released.
Two UNL students were contacted in their apartment after numerous noise complaints were reported.  Both were cited for disturbing the peace and released.
UNL student contacted after an accident.  Cited/Detox for .02 Violation (.028 BAC)/MIPC/Littering.
A male student went to the hospital with minor injuries from an assault.  No suspects have been contacted at this time.  The investigation continues.
Five UNL students cited/released for MIP.
A student was transported to the hospital after suffering from a high level of intoxication (.271 BrAC).
UNL female student and a male non-UNL were contacted for being in the women's restroom in Schramm Hall.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for speeding on N 17, Vine-X Street, smell of Marijuana coming from vehicle. Search of vehicle resulted in finding a grinder. Driver cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Speeding 11-15 over.
Report of UNL student being dragged towards the Knolls by 17th and R Street. Student very intoxicated and taken to Bryan West by LFR.
UNL student cited for Minor in Possession by Consumption after contact at the Knolls on a medical call.
Investigation into Procuring Alcohol for Minors.
Non-student was cited for DUI > .15, refuse chemical test, refuse to sign citation (fail to comply) and speeding 11-15mph. He was taken to The Bridge.
Ofc. and LFR were dispatched to Oldfather on a UNL staff member having a seizure.  He was transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension and No Insurance.
UNL staff member was involved in a property damage accident with a UNL owned vehicle near the docks of CPN.
Non-student stopped for speeding and cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Non-student stopped for speeding and cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Narcotics located during a traffic stop. Suspect identified.
UNL Engineering Dept. reported the theft of 4 laptop computer from a room in the building.  Investigation continues.
UNL student fell down some stairs at Avery Hall causing pain to his shoulder.  He was transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Non UNL affiliated person cited for 1st Degree Trespassing at the U Stop at 17th and Q Street. Also cited for 3rd Degree Assault on an Officer and Carrying a Concealed Weapon party lodged.
Injury accident involving a car, driven by a UNL student, and a city bus.  Student refused medical attention.
UNL student was transported to the hospital for stomach related pain.
UNL student contacted after a narcotics complaint.  Paraphernalia was voluntarily produced. Turned over to UNL Housing.
UNL student reported unknown person paid a Pay Pal account using a check on her Wells Fargo Account.
UNL officer injured their left shoulder while placing a combative party into custody at 240 N 17th.
UNL student suffered a seizure at the Alpha Gamma sigma Fraternity, transported to Bryan East for further treatment by LFR.
Officers responded, along with LFR, to an activated fire alarm. The cause of the alarm was determined to be from a bag of burnt popcorn.
Non-student contacted on a traffic stop. He was taken to jail because of two warrants for his arrest. Also cited for Driving Under Suspension.
UNL student contacted after urinating in a trash can. He was taken to The Bridge (.118 BAC).
UNL staff experienced minor injuries while working.
UNL student reports her parked vehicle was involved in a belated hit and run accident while it was parked in the UNL parking lot located North of Morrill Hall.
UNL student possibly selling narcotics from their residence hall room.
Report of vandalism to the Men's 1st floor restroom stall.  Damage consisted of a swastika with offensive racial language etched into the restroom stall.
A student reports the loss of his cell phone at an unknown location.  Loss estimated at $30.00.
UNL student suffered minor injuries when they wrecked their bike near the Village.  Transported to the hospital for further treatment.
UNL student reports damage to their vehicle while it was parked at his fraternity.  Investigation continues.
Non UNL affiliate, suffered a panic attack and fainted in the women's restroom in the Canfield Administration Building. Transported to Bryan West for further treatment.
Non student stopped for speeding.  Cited/released for DUS/Speeding (11-15 over).
UNL student reports a lost/stolen black LG slide phone.
3 students were contacted in a dorm room on a narcotics complaint. 2 students were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A male transient was issued a trespass policy letter after being observed sleeping while possessing alcohol in the City Union.
A non-affiliate was contacted after it was discovered he had an active warrant.  The male was arrested for the warrant and cited and released for DUS.
A student was contacted in his apartment after a loud party complaint.  The investigation revealed this apartment has been an issue with loud parties all month.  The student was cited and released for Maintaining a Disorderly House.
2 students and 1 non-student were contacted in a vehicle after suspicious behavior was reported to UNLPD.  1 non-student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
A student was contacted for intoxication.  She was transported to The Bridge and cited and released for MIP (.162 BrAC partial sample).
A student was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited and released for Driving Under Suspension.
Taillight of a vehicle appeared to have been intentionally broken overnight.
A male party (non-UNL affiliate) was placed into civil protective custody due to being under the influence of an intoxicating substance and an inability to care for himself.  Upon arrival at The Bridge, the party suffered a medical episode and was transported to Bryan LGH West by LFR for treatment.
Fire alarm activated falsely due to mechanical issues, turned over to UNL Maintenance.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted and found to be highly intoxicated.  He was transported to the Bridge and left in their care with a BAC of .379.
Four non-UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  All four were under the age of 21 and had alcoholic beverages in their possession.  The driver showed signs of impairment and tested a .115 BAC on a chemical test.  All four parties were cited for MIP.  The driver was also cited for Driving Under the Influence, No Headlights at night, No operators license on person, squealing tires, and released.
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding and found to be intoxicated.  Cited/released for DWI, and Speeding (11-15).  TOT'd The Bridge with a formal BAC of .129
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop for erratic driving.  He was cited/released for Reckless Driving.
Non-student contacted after caller requested a check of their welfare. Person found to be under the influence of a non-alcoholic substance and unable to care for self. Transported to The Bridge
UNL female student reported a possible belated sexual assault occurring on UNL campus.  Investigation continues.
Officers were dispatched to the 50/50 Building in reference to a disturbance in progress.  Upon contact, officers observed several persons therein appearing under the age of 21 and under the influence of alcohol with numerous alcohol containers observed in plain view throughout the apartment.  Eight (8) UNL Students cited for MIP-C yielding the following BrAC's: .207, .206, .205, .097, .045, .146, .057, .102.  Four (4) UNL Students cited for Maintaining a Disorderly House.
UNL student cited/released for possession of marijuana < 1oz and possession of drug paraphernalia. A juvenile was referred for giving false information.
A pull station was activated causing a fire alarm.  There was no fire and no suspects at this time.
Non-student cited for Driving Under Suspension and Reckless Driving. Juvenile passenger taken to the Youth Services Center on a detainer.
UNL students reported their concern about another UNL student well being.
UNL student reported they had lost their wallet between Military and Naval Science Building and Abel Hall, $15 loss.
Non UNL affiliate reported the theft of a bottled drink from the Pizza Express inside of the Nebraska Union city, $2 loss.
Two UNL students contacted in a dorm that smelled of marijuana.  Cited/released for possession of marijuana less than one ounce and possession of drug paraphernalia.
UNL student fell and had a small laceration on his head. He declined medical transport.
UNL staff member reported a belated hit and run accident to a UNL owned van.  Occurred over the past 4 days while it was parked near the 501 building.
Report of a belated larceny from a UNL owned building on Military Rd.  Investigation continues
Non injury accident involving a UNL staff members vehicle and a StarTran bus occurring near 38th and East Campus Loop.
UNLPD dispatched on belated disturbance involving party appearing on campus and exhibiting "odd" behavior.  Contact made with person responsible to check welfare and he was not deemed a risk to himself or others.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on traffic stop and cited for Driving Under Suspension and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
UNL faculty member reported receiving concerning emails which were not threatening but warranted further investigation.
UNL student transported to hospital by LFR after experiencing flu-like symptoms.
UNL student reported theft of her license plate from 50/50 parking garage.
Report of suspicious male taking pictures of the Lied center.
A student was contacted for behavior consistent with a high level of intoxication.  The student was placed in protective custody, transported to The Bridge and cited for MIP (.204 BrAC).
UNL Student reported the larceny of a bicycle/cable lock, occurring between 02-17-15 and 02-18-2015.  Total loss $260.00.  No suspects.
Person who is currently banned from UNL was reported to be at the Union during an event. Investigation ongoing.
UNL student reported the belated theft of his calculator occurring inside of Trio Services Computer Lab.
Two Non-UNL affiliates contacted after operating their vehicle in an unauthorized area.  Both parties issued a copy of UNL Trespass Policy.
UNL student cited/released for MIPC (.024 BrAC)/No Operators License on Person/FTOTCD.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be in possession of 2.4 g of marijuana.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana less than 1 Ounce.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .127and TOT'd sober paerson.  LFR was later dispatched regarding the same student where they transported him to the hospital for non-life threatening intoxication.
Non student stopped for straddling lane lines.  Found to be suspended with a license pick-up order.  Cited/released for DUS/No Proof of Insurance.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated.  She was cited and released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI (.161 BrAC).
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated.  Cited/released for Aggravated DWI, and No Headlights at Night.  TOT'd the Bridge with a BAC of .208.
UNL student cited/released for MIP (.207 BrAC).
Report of UNL student with abdominal pain and vomiting blood.  Transported to Bryan/LGH East for further evaluation.
Report of an accidental activation of the pull station on the 4th Floor.
Report of UNL student feeling "sick."  Victim transported to hospital for further evaluation.
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to the hospital for a non-life threatening medical condition.
A student was contacted due to behavior consistent with a high level of intoxication.  She was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.272 BrAC).
A non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The party was lodged for Driving Under Suspension and cited and released for False Information and Two Headlights Required at Night.
Juvenile Stars Club hockey player sustained a neck injury during the game at the Ice Box.  Transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Kansas State University Lacrosse player suffered a neck injury while playing NU at Cook Pavilion.  Player was transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Non-student cited for Driving Under Suspension and taken to jail.
Non-student stopped for no valid registration. Cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Vehicle stopped at 33rd and Holdrege, driver found to be suspended and wanted on a warrant. Search of vehicle revealed a marijuana pipe. Person cited and released for DUS and Drug Paraphernalia, and lodged in jail on warrant.
Vehicle stopped at 48th and Vine, driver found to be revoked. Cited for same and released.
Non-student cited/released for DUS and No Headlights at Night.
Non-student contacted after she was observed driving with a suspended license. Cited for DUS and lodged on a warrant.
UNL student cited/released for MIP after being found in possession of alcohol.
Non-student given a Trespass Policy Letter after not leaving the Union when requested by staff.
UNL student transported to Bryan West hospital for medical issue.
A UNL staff member became sick while at work, vomiting  and feeling very sick. LFR on scene and transported staff member to Bryan East for further treatment.
Vehicle stopped at 37th and Holdrege, driver found to be suspend and did no have proof of Financial responsibility, cited for both and released.
UNL student transported to the hospital by LFR for feeling faint and having cramps.
A Crimstoppers Tip investigation was cleared after the consent search of a dorm room.  No citations issued.
One non-student contacted after engaging in suspicious activity. A small amount of (presumed) meth located. Investigation continues.
UNL student suffered seizures at Henzlik Hall, LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for further treatment.
UNL student felt dizzy while in class at Teachers College, LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for treatment.
UNL student reported that they lost their HP laptop in Hamilton Hall, $200 loss.
Three UNL students cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz, Possession of Paraphernalia and MIP.
Exhaust from tractors set off alarms.  UNL maintenance reset the system.
Belated report of a UNL student being depressed and possibly suicidal.
UNL student reported being assaulted by another UNL student.  The victim reported a wallet was thrown at them and struck them in the arm.
UNL student report they had lost their 4S iPhone somewhere on City Campus, $220 loss. They make report incase phone turned into UNLPD.
UNL staff reported that an unknown person tried to sit in a ETHN100 class this date. This is for documentation at this time.
UNL student cut their finger with a razor blade while working in Keim Hall. LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan East for treatment.
Two UNL student had items and a iPhone 6 taken from locker at the Rec. Center, $600 loss.
A student reports the loss of his wallet and subsequently the fraudulent use of his debit card.  Total loss estimated at $341.44.
Student reports the theft of their flag from their room in Abel Hall.  Investigation continues.
UNL student contacted after officer witnessed him to be involved in a minor collision with a parked vehicle.  Party cited for no proof of insurance and released.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted in a vehicle and found to be a minor and intoxicated.  Taken to the Bridge with a BAC of .171.  Cited/released for Agg. DWI, MIP, and Open Alcohol Container.
3 UNL students contacted on a traffic stop and found to be under the age of 21.  Alcoholic containers were observed in the vehicle.  All three parties were cited/released for MIP.  No BACs.
UNL Student contacted and placed into Civil Protective Custody for inability to care for herself due to high level of intoxication (.207 BrAC).  Cited for MIP-C and released to The Bridge.
2 UNL students were contacted for being intoxicated.  Cited/released for MIP-C and TOT'd The Bridge.  BACs .227 and .269.
A UNL student was evaluated by LFR for a non-life threatening medical condition and transported to Bryan LGH West ER for further treatment.
Popcorn left in microwave and it ignited. LFR aired out the building, no damage to the building.
Non-UNL affiliated male contacted on a traffic stop after observed and confirmed to be operating a motor vehicle with a suspended operator's license.  Cited and released.
Non-UNL affiliated female contacted on a traffic stop after observed to be operating a motor vehicle with a suspended operator's license. Party was cited and released.
Non-UNL affiliated male contacted on a traffic stop after observed and confirmed to be operating a motor vehicle with a suspended operator's license. Party cited and released.
A student was playing basketball and approached by 2 males.  These males called the student derogatory terms he found offensive.  The suspects are still outstanding.
A student was contacted due to intoxication.  He was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.245 BrAC).
A student lost her wallet containing ID's, credit cards and cash.  Total loss estimated at $80.00.
UNL student reports having $200 stolen from their wallet that was inside their room in a backpack.
Hit and Run accident occurring at the 50/50 garage, N27th I 80, or 33rd and P street area unknown for sure, $750 damage.
Vehicle stopped on Vine Street 14th -16th, driver found to be suspended, driver cited for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility and released.
Non-student contacted after a complaint he was looking at porn on a computer. He was Banned and Barred from the Union.
UNL student fainted while in class but did not fall to the floor.  Refused transport by LFR.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for driving on suspend license at 875 N 27th,driver cited for and released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non UNL affiliate was stopped for driving on suspended license, search of vehicle located approx. 47.2 g of methamphetamine, person cited and lodged for Possession with Intent to Distribute and cited and released for possession of Controlled Substance.
UNL student treated by Lincoln Fire & Rescue for shortness of breath. Declined transport to a hospital.
UNL student complaining of chest and stomach pains was transported by Lincoln Fire and Rescue to Bryan Health West for further treatment.
Non UNL guest suffered multiple seizures while in a UNL residents room.  Transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Office of admissions reports a belated threat made over the internet.  At this time there does not seem to be an immediate threat.  Investigation continues.
UNL faculty reported receiving unwanted emails and phone calls.
UNL student reported a belated hit and run accident occurring in the lot north of The Village Apartments, $150 damage, report for insurance only.
UNL student suffered a seizure at Hamilton Hall, LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for further treatment.
A UNL student reported a disturbing incident which exhibits several characteristics of stalking. Suspect identified.
UNL student suffered unknown injuries at Bob Devaney Sports Center transported to Bryan West by LFR for treatment.
Non UNL affiliated person was feeling faint at the Ice Box, LFR on scene and transported person to St. Elizabeth's for further treatment.
Report of marijuana smell coming from a room in Harper Hall, search of room found no marijuana but several knives were found.
A UNL student's car caught on fire while it was parked in the lot north of the East Campus Student Union. Unknown cause.
Non-student ran from officers on a traffic stop. He had two felony warrants and was also charged with multiple offenses by UNLPD. Lodged in jail.
Officer attempted a traffic stop on a vehicle with no tail lights. The vehicle fled from the officer and a broadcast was initiated.
2 non-students were contacted on a traffic stop.  Both were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Report of possible hazing, investigation continues.
UNL student had a weapon in their vehicle on UNL property, this is a policy violation.
UNL student reported the theft of their iPhone 6 and other items from CY Thompson Library, $419 loss.
UNL student reported his wallet lost between his residence and N23rd and U street bus stop, $10 loss.
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for Driving Under Suspension.
A student was contacted in his room on a narcotics complaint.  The student consented to a search and narcotics were found.  The student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Possession of Legend Drugs.
A student reports damage to her vehicle occurring a an unknown location and time.  Damage estimated at $500.00.
UNLPD Sgt. assisted LPD in taking a suicidal juvenile into emergency protective custody.
UNL student reports their laundry was taken from a dryer she was using in Smith Hall.  No suspects.
A report was received of a male with a gun at an outdoor basketball court.  An interview of a witness revealed the alleged gun was a toy displayed by a juvenile. The juvenile was gone prior to Officers arrival.
3 students and 1 non-student were contacted in a vehicle engaged in narcotics activity.  All 4 were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
5 students were contacted after engaging in suspicious behavior.  2 students were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
3 students were contacted on a traffic stop. 2 students were cited and released for MIPC (refused PBT).
Report of marijuana use on 5th floor.  Contact was made with resident who consented to search of room with negative results.
An intoxicated student was contacted after complaints of her entering other students rooms unwanted.  She was placed in protective custody and Transported to The Bridge.  Cited/released for MIPC (.237 BrAC)
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The male was cited and released for Driving Under Suspension.
A non-affiliate suffered a medical emergency while at an event.  The party was transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening sickness.
A non-affiliate was contacted in the City Union intoxicated and causing a disturbance.  The male was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.239 BrAC).
3 students and 1 student were contacted in a dorm room on an alcohol complaint.  All 4 were cited and released for MIP (.012, .007, .016 and .024 BrAC's)
2 students were contacted for exhibiting signs of extreme intoxication.  Both were placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.215 and .250 BrAC's)
A UNL student reported a hit and run to his vehicle.  Possible suspect identified.  Investigation continues.
Non UNL Student was cited/released for DUS.
Non UNL student cited/released for DUS/No Proof of Insurance.
Report of a person making suicidal statements on the cell phone app "Yik Yak."
UNL student contacted UNLPD in reference to having officers speak to another UNL student and advise him to cease all communication with her.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension and No Insurance.
Non-student cited/released for Littering and No Insurance after he was stopped for throwing a cigarette out his window.
Investigation into possible hazing activities occurring on campus with a UNL student organization.
UNL student reported their bike was stolen from the bike racks located near the southeast corner of The Village.
UNL student residing in Abel Hall was transported to the hospital by LFR for health related issues.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Lincoln Fire & Recue transported a UNL student to Bryan West after she had an allergic reaction.
Non-student contacted for showing signs of intoxication and taken to The Bridge (.289 BAC).
UNL student report items stolen after shipping them with UPS, $25 loss.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for white light to rear at 27th and Orchard Streets, driver found to be suspended, driver cited and released for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and White Light to Rear.
UNLPD officers were sent to a dorm room on the odor of marijuana.  No contraband was located.
A broken steam gasket activated a fire alarm.
UNL owned vacuum stolen from the dorm.  $189 loss.
Non-student cited for Driving Under Suspension after being stopped for no license plates.
5 students were contacted in a room on an alcohol complaint.  Beer was located and all 5 admitted to consuming alcoholic beverages.  5 were cited and released for MIP.
UNL student was cited/released for possession of a legend drug and cited/lodged for possession of a controlled substance after officers went to his room on an odor of marijuana.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension and No Insurance after being stopped for only one license plate.
UNL student cited/released for Littering after she was observed urinating in the parking lot.
Non-student contacted for showing signs of intoxication.  Taken to The Bridge (.283 BAC).
An Abel Hall custodian found a lock box on the 12th floor laundry room.  Efforts to locate the owner continue.
UNL student fainted while in the bathroom at Harper Hall. Transported to the hospital by LFR for further treatment.
UNL student fell victim to a "phishing" scam. Investigation continues.
UNL student had passed out while in Abel Hall, LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for further treatment.
A UNL student, who was attempting to sell an electronic device via Craigslist, reported being robbed and assaulted during the transaction.  Suspects have been identified but not located.  Investigation continues.
A non-affiliate suffered a medical condition while at the Lied Center.  She was transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening condition.
Non-student transported to jail on a warrant.  Non-controlled prescription pill  seized and a request was made for the pill to be destroyed.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited and released for DUS.
Fire alarm sounded due to a mechanical issue.  No fire and no damage.
Report of belated graffiti vandalism to a restroom patrician in Henzlik Hall.
Report of a verbal disturbance between a faculty member and student.
UNL student reports a lost/stolen gold Iphone 6.
A student was contacted for behavior consistent with a high level of intoxication.  The student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.233 BrAC).
Minor accident between a backing vehicle and a parked vehicle at the dock. No injuries.
Non student cited/released for DUS.
Report of a pull station activation at the Ice Box.  Pull station was accidently activated after a patron leaned against it.
Report of an accident with no damage. Reporting party requested a report for documentation.
A female, non-UNL affiliate, reported her phone being stolen from the City Campus Union by her boyfriend.  The investigation continues.
3 students were contacted in a room on an alcohol complaint.  Consent to search was gained and no alcohol was located.
A male, non-UNL affiliate, was contacted after being observed on video stealing a bicycle.  The male was cited and released for theft by unlawful taking.
A female, non-UNL affiliate, was stopped for a traffic violation and showed signs of impairment due to the consumption of alcoholic beverages.  The female was issued a citation for Driving with No Headlights at Night and Driving Under the Influence < .150 BAC and released.
Report of two non students placing flyers on UNL buildings.  Both parties contacted and warned (Policy Letter).
Non student cited/released for DUS (License Pickup Order).
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for malfunctioning headlight.  Cited and released for DUS and headlight violation.
Four males (UNL students) were contacted after they entered the steam tunnels without permission with the goal of further trespassing in Memorial Stadium.  The males were all issued citations for Trespassing and released.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop after being observed (and confirmed) to be operating a motor vehicle with a suspended operator's license.  Party cited and released for DUS.
A Non-UNL affiliate was contacted after observed to be operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license. Party was cited and released for DUS.
UNL student reported the loss of his passport at an unknown location.
UNL employee was injured after tripping and then falling on the sidewalk outside of Hamilton Hall.
Non UNL affiliate was contacted for sleeping in the gazebo on East Campus.  UNL Trespass Policy Letter was given.
Vehicle stopped at Military Road on North Antelope Valley Parkway, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
Vehicle stopped at 23rd and Y Street, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
Vehicle stopped at Adams Street and N 14th, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
Non-student ran from a traffic stop involving a stolen car.  He was caught and found to have two warrants.  Also lodged for Theft and Obstructing a Police Officer.
Transient contacted and found to be intoxicated.  He was banned from UNL and transported to The Bridge (.350 BAC).
Vehicle stopped at P Street between N 17th and N 18th, driver found to be suspended, driver cited for same and released.
UNL staff member suffering chest pains at the Whittier Children's Center, LFR on scene and transported staff member to Bryan East.
Officers responded to an apartment on the possible odor of marijuana.  Consent to search was granted yielding negative results.
A UNL Student was contacted on a traffic stop after observed to be operating a motor vehicle at night without headlights and was found to be intoxicated.  He was subsequently cited for DWI, No headlights at Night, and was released to The Bridge (BrAC of .138).
UNL staff member reported receiving an intimidating and annoying phone call.  Victim identified a suspect.  Investigation continues.
UNL student was a victim of a disturbance or assault off campus.  Interview is scheduled with her to obtain more information.
UNL student lost their license at a bar in Lincoln.
Vehicle stopped at N Antelope Valley Parkway and N 17th Street for one headlight, found in vehicle was an open container of alcohol, Driver and Passenger were cited and referred for MIP.
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to jail for an active LPD warrant.  Cited/released for DUS and Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce.
Non-UNL student was contacted due to intoxication and transported to the Bridge. (BAC .278)
Two non-students entered Abel Hall while it was closed. One non-student later contacted and cited for Trespassing.
Non-student cited/released for 3rd Degree Arson after setting some newspapers on fire in a trash can.
Non UNL affiliate contacted for driving a stolen vehicle. Party was also found to have a suspended license and was lodged for this offense. ( See 15001464 for the stolen vehicle.)
Non UNL affiliate contacted in a stolen vehicle and lodged for theft by receiving > $1500.  Vehicle turned over to LPD for their case.
Non-UNL affiliate was called in reference possibly needing medical attention. Party was evaluated by LFR and released.
UNL employee accidentally set of the fire alarm system while cooking food in the microwave. No fire.
Vehicle was stopped for fictitious plates.  The driver and passenger (non-UNL affiliates) both contributed to the violation and were issued citations.
A non-UNL affiliate was stopped on a traffic stop and determined to be driving under suspension.  He was issued a citation and released.
Six parties (two UNL-students and four non-UNL affiliates) were contacted in a dorm room in reference to an alcohol violation.  The two UNL students were cited for MIP and the four others were released
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted for being intoxicated.  Both were placed into civil protective custody, transported to The Bridge, and turned over to the care of the staff with a .214 BAC and .248 BAC.
Female, Non-UNL, tripped over some raised concrete while attending the NE vs. TX baseball game.  Transported to the hospital for further treatment of a hurt wrist.
Two Non-UNL affiliates contacted on a traffic stop near 14th and R Streets after being observed to violate a stop sign.  The driver was cited for Stop Sign Violation, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz., and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A Non-UNL Affiliate was contacted near 16th and P on a traffic stop and subsequently cited and released for Driving at Night without Headlights and Driving Under Suspension.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop after operating a vehicle with a white light showing to the rear.  The driver had a suspended driver's license and was issued a citation for the violation and released.
Vehicle stopped for expired in-transits, during one person gave a false name, person was cited for same and lodged.
Officers responded to a dorm room which had the odor of burnt marijuana emanating from the room.  The resident was contacted, provided consent to search, but the search yielded no contraband.
Suspect contacted after stealing a UNLPD owned bait bicycle from the area of Canfield Administration.  Suspect had the bicycle in his possession and the bicycle was recovered.  Cited and released for Theft by Unlawful Taking.
Report of belated vandalism to door of podium inside of Burnett Hall.  No suspects.  Investigation continues.
UNL student contacted after pushing his way into another student's room and passing out in her bed.  Cited for Trespassing (2nd degree), Minor in Possession by Consumption (BrAC .273), Criminal Mischief and transported to The Bridge.
Request for assistance from an agency outside Lancaster county.
UNL staff member reported that a person out of state tried to use his shipping account to ship items to Africa.
Vehicle stop at 3335 Apple with no plates or papers. This vehicle was followed by another vehicle, driver of this vehicle was suspended and cited and released for same. Vehicle with no plates had papers.
Assisted LPD at 3245 X Street in apprehending a person on a warrant.
Vehicle stopped for fictitious plates, driver found to be suspend and also had two warrants. Marihuana was also found in vehicle. Driver cited for DUS, no Valid Registration, Fictitious plates, Possession of Marijuana and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and lodged in jail for warrants.
UNL student hurt their knee while playing basketball on the Vine Street courts, LFR on scene, medical refused.
UNL employee injured with non-life threatening injuries.
Report of a lost German State Identification Card.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted as a driver of a vehicle and found to be driving under suspension. Party was lodged for DUS
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for intoxication and transported to The Bridge. (.182 BAC)
A non-student was contacted in a building sleeping after hours.  Issued a Trespass policy and released.
UNL student reported a losing a wallet and contents, possibly on campus.
A student was contacted after he was observed to carry the odor of a narcotic on his person. The student provided an officer a small amount of marijuana and 2 pieces of paraphernalia.  He was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted after he was observed displaying behavior consistent with a high level of intoxication.  The male admitted to drinking and was cited and release for MIPC.  (.178 BrAC).
A student suffered a medical emergency.  He was transported to the hospital for further treatment and evaluation.
UNL student reported a belated assault which had occurred in November of 2014.
Lost iPhone last seen in Oldfather Hall.
UNL student struck three vehicles with his car in a parking lot.
A UNL Student was driving a vehicle exiting the 14th & Avery St Parking Garage and ran into the gate arm as it was lowering.
Report of 5-6 juveniles trespassing at The Village Market.  The persons responsible were contacted and given a trespass policy letter (warning).
5 students were contacted in a dorm room on an narcotics complaint. 1 student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for failing to yield the right of way.  The driver was cited and released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance and No Valid Registration.  The driver was then turned over to LPD on several active broadcasts.
An Officer observed a male fall and hit his head off campus.  The male was found to be heavily intoxicated.  He was transported to the hospital by LFR.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for expired in-transit papers.  The driver was cited and released for DUS and No Valid Registration.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for an active warrant.  The driver was cited and released for DUS and lodged in jail on the warrant.
a non-affiliate juvenile was contacted on a traffic stop for no headlights at night.  The juvenile was referred to the City Attorney's Office for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Unidentified person was found deceased in an open field east of building.  Investigation is ongoing.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop after driving down the wrong way of a one way street.  The driver showed signs impairment due to the consumption of alcoholic beverages.  The driver was issued a citation for DUI, Careless Driving, and No Valid Registration and released to the staff at The Bridge.
Assisted LPD in trying to find person for a welfare check.
UNL student reported their bike and lock taken from the bike rack south west of Bob Devaney Sports Center, $115 loss.
UNL student reported that his bike was taken from a rack east side of Selleck 8000 building, $400 loss.
UNL student reported the belated theft of a bicycle tire.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted after discovered to be passed out on the ground due to intoxication (BAC .364).  The male sustained minor injuries to his face by unknown means.  He was transported to LGH for treatment.
UNL student skate boarding Avery Parking Garage collided with a parked car. No injuries and minor damage to the vehicle.
While conducting a traffic stop, an unknown substance was discovered within the suspect's motor vehicle during a consent search.  The unknown substance was seized and will be submitted to the State Lab for identification.  Investigation continues.
UNL student reports the theft of her vehicles rear license plate from an off campus location.
UNL student reported a belated non injury accident to the loaner vehicle they were driving.  Occurred at UNL Campus Rec. meters.
UNL student contacted after smoking marijuana substance inside of dorm room.  She voluntarily turned over Cannabidiol (CBD) and pipe.  Cited and released for Possession of Marijuana less than an ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A UNL student was observed to be engaging in possible narcotic related activity and fled from officers on foot just prior to contact.  He was subsequently located and detained.  No narcotics were located however, he was in possession of false identification.  Cited for License; Acts deemed unlawful, and released.
Two UNL students contacted near the UNL parking lot at 16th X street.  Both cited for MIPC. BAC's 0.157 and 0.124
Traffic stop with driver (Non UNL) cited for Possession of Marijuana, No Insurance and No License.
Belated two vehicle non injury accident occurring on level 6 of the 50/50 parking garage.
Unintentional property damage to window of study lounge in Smith Hall, $600 damage.
Vehicle stopped at 23rd and Lynn Street for no plates or papers. Driver found to be suspended, cited for DUS and No Valid Registration. Passenger of vehicle was also cited for False Information and lodged on a warrant.
Report of Marijuana on 8th floor Abel Hall, contact with room proved negative for marihuana.
UNL student reported their N card and Wells Fargo card stolen, which was latter used.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop after she was observed to violate the automatic traffic signal at 12th and Q Streets.  Cited and released for Automatic Signal Violation and DUS.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
UNL student reports their bike stolen from the bike rack located south of Pound Hall.
Check welfare of UNL student in Andersen Hall, LFR on scene, student refused medical.
Belated report of a burglary occurring on 04/9/2015.  Money and miscellaneous items were reported stolen from several rooms.
A Non affiliated female was feeling faint in the City Union after giving blood. LFR on scene and transported party to St. Elizabeth for further treatment.
UNL student said that they lost their wallet at the Campus Rec Center, $22 loss.
A unknown party drove their vehicle through a parking gate arm.  The suspect has not been contacted.  Damage estimated at $300.00.
3 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. One party was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Speeding.
Report of a lost wallet and it's contents somewhere on UNL's city campus.
Non student contacted on west side of building. Party was taken into custody on an outstanding warrant.  Transported to Detox (.293 BAC) with a 12 hour hold.
Officer responded to the report of the odor of marijuana.  Contact could not be made with residents.
Report of a belated hit and run accident occurring on the 2nd floor.  Front driver's side bumper of vehicle had cracked and missing paint.
A non-affiliate suffered a medical emergency.  He was transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening illness.
7 students were contacted in a dorm room reference a narcotics complaint. Consent to search was granted and no contraband was located.
3 students were contacted for trespassing in Memorial Stadium. 1 was cited/transport to The Bridge for MIPC and Trespassing (.175 BrAC). 2 were cited and released for MIPC and Trespassing (.028 and .152 BrAC's)
A non-affiliate was contacted after he was observed to stumble and almost fall into traffic.  He was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.200 BrAC).
A student was contacted for intoxication.  He was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.228 BrAC).
A UNLPD Sergeant recovered a vehicle that had evaded the Nebraska State Patrol.
2 students were contacted at a dorm room on a narcotics complaint. 1 student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop for crossing lane lines and swerving.  The student was transported to The Bridge where he was cited and released for DUI > .15 (.265 BrAC) and Straddling Lane Lines.
A non-affiliate reports the possible larceny of their cell phone from downtown Lincoln.  Loss estimated at $900.00.
UNL student reported her credit card stolen.
UNL student cited for MIP (.229 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
Non student contact at a Nebraska baseball game exhibiting signs of alcohol intoxication. The male was taken into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge (.278 Brac).
Two UNL students contacted at Haymarket Park at the baseball game. Both were intoxicated. One cited for Minor in Possession by Consumption and False Information o an Office. The other cited for Minor in Possession by Consumption and released to the Bridge staff.
UNL student reports the theft of wallet and miscellaneous items from the sand volleyball courts west of building.
Report of vehicle damaged while parked inside of Haymarket Park parking lot.  Damages consistent with door-ding ($100 damage).  No suspects or witnesses.
A non-affiliate was contacted for suspicious activity and placed in protective custody.  After being transported to The Bridge (.205 BrAC) a controlled substance was located.  THe male was then lodged in jail on that charge.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and showed signs of impairment.  After a chemical test of his breath (.116 BAC) the driver was issued a citation for DUI and driving without headlights at night and released.
A non-affiliate was contacted for urinating in public.  He was cited and released for Littering-Urinating in Public.
Vehicle stopped near 33rd and Starr Street for fictitious plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for and released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
Stopped vehicle in the area of 27th and Holdrege for no plates or papers. Driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
UNL student cited for Criminal Mischief for deflating a tire in the Boat House lot, $150 damage.
UNL student contacted inside of dorm room on a narcotics complaint.  Cited for Possession of Marijuana-less than an ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNLPD and LFR responded to a general fire alarm inside Pound Hall and discovered a pull station had been activated by unknown means on the 8th floor.  Canvass conducted of area.  No suspects and/or witnesses identified.
Fire alarm sounded because a Bio safety containment cabinet mort froze up and started smoking.  Maintenance notified and motor was unplugged and will be replaced.  No bio hazards in the cabinet at the time of the alarm.
OPS assist for LPD on a found backpack that was reported stolen to LPD.
UNL student reported theft of license plate and bracket from there vehicle while parked the 19th and S St lot or the lot east of The Village.
UNL student reported that their Iphone 5s was lost on 4-7-2015 and can not be located, $180 loss.
UNL student having a seizure on the Mable Lee Recreation Field, LFR on scene and transport student to Bryan West for further treatment.
UNL student at Mable Lee Recreation Field reported hip injury, LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for further treatment.
A UNL student reported he lost his wallet and contents somewhere in the parking lot located at 515 N 19th Street.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted after trespassing inside of 50/50 complex (previously ban and barred).  He was placed into CPC and transported to The Bridge due to intoxication (.352).  Cited and released for Trespassing.
A UNL student was contacted in his dorm room after the odor of marijuana was detected to be emitting from the room.  The student admitted to smoking marijuana at an off campus location and consented to a search.  No contraband was found during the search of the room.
Vehicle stopped at N 35th Street and Dudley Street, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
UNL faculty member suffered a nose bleed, from medication he was taken, LFR on scene and transported to Bryan East for further treatment.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop after he was seen driving and matching the description of an ATL from LPD. Party was found to not be involved but was driving on a suspended license. Party was cited and released.
Belated report of possible child abuse.  Young male was seen being forcibly grabbed by his mother.
No fire, resident burnt food in the microwave.  Turned over to housing.
Report of a student having issues standing after taking medication with alcohol.  Transported to LGH West for further treatment.
3 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A UNL staff member suffered a possible seizure while working in Nebraska Hall.  Transported to the hospital for further treatment by LFR.
Unknown person(s) left 19 tires in a ditch, littering on UNL property at N 112th and Adams street
A parked vehicle rolled into another vehicle while both were unoccupied.
After the execution of a search warrant three males (1-UNL Student) were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. (3.3g) and drug paraphernalia.
2 students reported a 2 vehicle non-injury accident occurring in a UNL parking lot.  Total Damage estimated at $400.00.
A student reports the the loss of a wallet and contents.  Total loss estimated at $2.00.
5 students were contacted in a dorm room reference an alcohol complaint.  All 5 were cited and released for MIP (refused PBT).
UNL student cited for Assault-3rd degree after hitting another student at the Alpha Chi Omega house, also cited for Minor in Possession by Consumption.
3 students were contacted after UNL Staff called with concerns about their well being.  All 3 were placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge were they were cited for MIPC and released (.242, .212. and .192 BrAC's)
A student was contacted for intoxication after a staff member called concerned for her well being. The student was placed in protective custody, transported to The Bridge and cited and released for MIPC (refused PBT).
Witness called in a hit and run accident. Person responsible contacted but victim could not be located.
A UNL staff Member reported two students receiving unwanted messages from a non UNL affiliated individual.
Vehicle stopped for expired/fictitious plates.  Driver was cited/released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop. The male was lodged in jail on 2 counts of Possession of a Controlled Substance and also cited for DUI (.140 BrAC), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Speeding.
UNL student reported the theft of his bicycle occurring at the bicycle racks near Memorial Stadium.
UNL student reports damage to vehicle. Damage consisted of two deep scratches on the passenger side doors.
A non UNL affiliate was contacted on traffic stop.  He was lodged on an active warrant and cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Fire alarm activated after a student inadvertently hit a pull station on the 9th floor.
Non UNL affiliate transported by LFR after injuring his shoulder while playing soccer inside of Cook Pavilion.
A Non UNL affiliate was contacted after attempting to enter into Smith Hall.  He was placed into protective custody due a high level of intoxication and transported to The Bridge.
UNL student contacted near 1425 R Street for high level of intoxication and was transported by LFR to the hospital.
One UNL student and three non UNL affiliates contacted after observed by UNLPD Dispatch to be inside Memorial Stadium.  All parties were issued a trespass policy letter.
UNL student receiving nuisance telephone calls from "unknown" number.  No suspects.  Investigation continues.
UNL student contacted on a traffic stop near 14th and Q.  He was cited for DWI, Refuse a chemical test, Cause Unnecessary Noise and released to The Bridge.
UNL student contacted inside dorm room due to the odor of marijuana.  Cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on traffic stop near 17th and Y Streets.  Lodged on active warrant; cited and released for DUS, stop sign violation and open alcohol container within a motor vehicle.
Report of reoccurring incidents of vandalism to restrooms of Burnett and Old Father Hall.  No suspects.  Investigation continues.
UNL employee reported vandalism to a gate on East Campus.  Damage consisted of only a missing lock.
UNL student reported a property damage incident in which a branch fell on their vehicle.  Vehicle was parked in the UNL Lot north of Love Memorial.
UNL student cited for trespassing by the Lincoln Police Department.
UNL student arrested for vandalism to two TV's and a mirror, in Abel Hall, student cited and lodged for Criminal Mischief $500-$1,500.
UNLPD officers were sent to The Courtyards on the odor of Marijuana.  Consent to search granted.  No contraband located.
UNL student suffering from abdominal pains was transported to the hospital by LFR for further treatment.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurred in the parking lot at 3701 Fair St.$500 damage.
Two Non-UNL affiliates stated that a person who has been harassing them may be making unwanted phone calls to CBA.
Vehicle stopped at N 16th and X Street for fictitious plates. Driver also found to be suspended. Driver cited and lodged for DUS and active warrant, released fro Negligent Driving, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
UNL Student arrested for stealing money from Theta Chi Fraternity over the course of several months.  Total loss approximately 8,941.20.  Cited and Lodged for Theft.
Report of Marijuana smell coming from a room 9th floor Harper hall, Items were turned over to UNLPD and destroyed.
UNL Student contacted on a traffic stop and cited for Possession of Marijuana less than an ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Vehicle stopped at 17th and Antelope Valley parkway for straddling lane lines, driver found to be suspended, cited and released for DUS.
Report of medical in front of 3344 Starr Street. LFR on scene, person taken to Bryan West for inhaling K2, later cited and released for Illegal use of Toxic Compound.
UNL student reported stolen bike from the racks by Avery Hall, $100 loss.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on traffic stop and discovered to be operating his vehicle on a suspended license.  Party was lodged for DUS and additionally cited for Failure to Display Plates.
While clearing a UNLPD warrant service, officers observed 2 PR's wanted for a larceny from auto that just occurred.  TOT LPD.
UNL student reports the theft of a Gold iPhone 5s from the 1st floor women's restroom.
Two UNL students were contacted inside of Robert E. Knolls Residence Center due to an odor of Marijuana emitting from their room.  Both parties were cited for Minor in Possession of alcohol and released.
Non-affiliate contacted after identified by officer as operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license.  Cited for DUS and released.
UNLPD was dispatched to a hit and run accident in the 50/50 parking garage. A UNL student was identified as the party responsible and was cited for leaving the scene of an accident.  He and his passenger (also a UNL student) were also cited for Possession of Marijuana-less than an ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL student contacted after odor of marijuana discovered to be emitting from her room in Schramm Hall.  Cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
Transient given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter after being contacted for sleeping under some stairs.
Wooden landscape scraps left in a parking lot.
Non student cited/released for DUS with a license pickup order.
UNLPD and LFR responded to a fraternity house in reference to an activated fire alarm.  It was determined the activation was accidental and the alarm was reset.
One UNL student and one non-UNL affiliate were contacted in a vehicle in a UNL parking lot for suspicious behavior.  Both parties were issued citation for possession of marijuana less than one ounce and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Two females, UNL Students, were contacted for being intoxicated.  Both were cited for Minor in Possession by Consumption and released to a sober party.
A male, non-UNL affiliate, was contacted for urinating in the Andersen Hall parking lot.  He was issued a citation for Littering and released.
A female, non-UNL affiliate, was contacted after she left the scene of an accident.  She was issued a citation for Leaving the Scene of an Accident, Careless Driving, and No Proof Insurance and released.
A UNL student was contacted at 1780 R Street and placed into protective custody due to a high level of intoxication.  He was cited for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge (BrAC .132).
Officers contacted a male, UNL Student, who was extremely intoxicated.  The male, who had a .202 BAC, was transported to The Bridge and turned over to the care of the staff.
UNL student observed stumbling and staggering at 19th/Y streets.  Taken into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge. Cited for MIPC (.315 BAC).
A UNL student reported being assaulted inside 1425 R Street by another UNL student resulting in minor injuries.  Investigation continues.
Non UNL affiliate contacted after observed by officer to be operating a motor vehicle while his driving privileges were suspended.  Cited/Lodged for DUS.
The wallet of a UNL student was turned into UNLPD as found property and contained an operator's license belonging to another person.  The wallet owner has been contacted and agreed to retrieve items on a later date.  Upon doing so, she will be interviewed regarding the license.  Investigation continues.
UNLPD responded to parking complaint at Pound Hall.  Vehicle discovered parked in reserved stall/tow away zone without proper permit.  Attempts to contact owner were unsuccessful.  The vehicle was towed and upon conducting inventory, suspected narcotics were observed in plain view on the seats.  UNLPD hold placed on vehicle to search vehicle when owner is located.
Non-UNL affiliate arrested after stealing UNLPD bait bicycle.  He ignored officers orders to stop and attempted to flee upon contact.  He was apprehended and discovered to be in possession of a controlled substance.  Cited/Lodged for Poss. of Controlled Substance and Obstruct Peace Officer.  Cited for Theft < $200.00.
Three UNL students and two non-students were contacted inside of a dorm room in Abel Hall on a possible narcotics complaint and were cited and released for Minor in Possession of Alcohol (BrAC's: .108, .079, .072, .162, .112).
LFR and UNLPD responded to a Fire Alarm at The 50/50 Building.  An unidentified suspect is observed to activate a pull station on the 8th floor elevator lobby activating said alarm.  Investigation continues.
UNL student reported damage to her vehicle while it was parked in the UNL 50/50 garage.  Possible person responsible was contacted.
A UNL student inadvertently caused a fire alarm to be activated.
A UNL student reported her bicycle was stolen from the west side of the City Campus Union.  There are no suspects at this time.  The investigation is ongoing.
A non UNL affiliate, hit another vehicle in the lot east side of Dental College, victim vehicle left the area before officer arrived.
UNL staff member reported their backpack and contents taken from the Love Library 1st floor stacks, $450 loss.
Vehicle stopped at N. 1st and Charleston area for Crossing a double yellow line and fail to signal a turn, driver found to be intoxicated, taken to the Bridge where they tested .234, driver cited for DUI > .15 2nd offense, Negligent Driving, and Failure to Signal Turn, and turned over to staff at The Bridge.
UNL student reports receiving disturbing phone calls in response to a bogus Craigslist personal ad.
UNL student reported that their wallet was taken from a backpack while they were walking from Old Father Hall to the 19th and Vine area, $9 loss.
Non UNL student contacted on traffic stop.  Cited and released for possession of marijuana < 1 oz. and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Officer dispatched to Wick Alumni on a report of a phone call received from a male caller rambling on about various topics.
UNL student reported hit and run to their vehicle while parked in the 19th and Vine Parking garage.
Officers were called to a dorm on the report of an intoxicated female.  The student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIPC (.261 BrAC).
A student reports the loss of her wallet and contents.  Loss estimated at $17.00.
3 students were contacted in a vehicle reference narcotics activity. All 3 were cited and released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
No fire, smoke head activated because of construction dust.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the T Street meters by South Stadium, hit and run caught on camera, investigation on going.
A student was contacted in a dorm room reference a narcotics complaint.  The student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted for behavior consistent with a high level of intoxication.  The student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIPC (.218 BrAC).
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding.  The male was cited and released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI (.216 BrAC) and Speeding.
A UNL website received an anonymous and suspicious submission referencing a historic shooting. No person or place was mentioned specifically.
UNL student reports the theft of her front license plate while parked in the 17th/R Parking Garage.
Non student stopped for almost colliding with another vehicle. Cited/released for DUS.
Non student observed driving while suspended.  Cited/released for DUS.
UNL student reported a bottle of perfume taken from her room.  Person responsible was located and perfume was returned.  No citations issued.  Case is inactive.
UNL student contacted for vandalizing a vehicle as he walked through the Andersen Hall parking lots.  Cited and released for Criminal Mischief and MIPC. Refused PBT.
A student was contacted in his room reference a narcotics complaint.  Consent to search was granted and no contraband was located.
OPS assist.  A female (Non UNL) was brought in to UNLPD and she reported that she had been sexually assaulted at an unknown off campus location.  This report will be forwarded to the proper law enforcement agency. Investigation continues.
Officer observed the rear passenger side window of a parked vehicle shattered in the Textron parking lot (22/W).
Report of a 1 year old having an allergic reaction to eggs.  Transported to St. Elizabeth's Hospital for further treatment and evaluation.
Non UNL student stopped for improper display of plate.  Found to be suspended with a history with two local warrants.  Cited/Lodged for DUS.
A juvenile, non-UNL affiliate, was contacted for stealing the UNLPD owned bait bicycle.  The juvenile was turned over to his mother and he is being referred to the County Attorney's Office for the filing of charges.
Officers made contact with five UNL students in the University Suites in reference to the odor of burnt marijuana emitting from the room. The residents allowed officers to search the room, but officers did not locate any contraband.
UNL student reported hitting a parked unoccupied vehicle in the Husker Village parking lot.
A UNL contractor's was vehicle found off-campus and was determined to be stolen. Investigation continuing.
Two juveniles contacted in the area after a report of shoplifting from the convenience store. Both were found to be the persons responsible and referred for filing of charges.
Consent search of a dorm room after the odor of marijuana was observed. No contraband was found.
UNL student reported their backpack with contents taken from the training table area of the west Stadium.
City Union employee reported that unknown person(s) put detergent in the Broyhill Fountain.
U.S. passport reported as lost/stolen.
UNL staff member reports that a male is making repeated visits to admissions office under questionable pretenses.
UNL staff reported vandalism by graffiti on a building at 1901 Y street, suspect was contacted and referred to County Attorney's office.
UNL staff member reported that she was followed in their vehicle by another vehicle from 44th and Cornhusker to 16th and S Street.
Witness reported hit and run accident.  Victim contacted.  No known suspects.  Investigation continues.
UNL student cited and released for possession of a false ID in relation to an ongoing investigation.
2 students were involved in a non-injury, property damage accident.
Non-student given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter after causing a disturbance with the mother of his children (also a non-student).
Fire alarm at Pi Kappa Phi was caused by cleaning chemicals, LFR on scene.
UNL student reported the back window to her vehicle was vandalized.
Report of an intoxicated party. Non student taken into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge (.298 BAC).
4 students were contacted for trespassing.  All 4 were cited and released for Trespassing, 3 were also cited for MIPC (.199, .165. 077 BrAC's).
Non-student reports a hit and run accident to her vehicle.
A false fire alarm was signaled due to burnt popcorn.
2 students were contacted on a check well being.  They were found to be intoxicated. They were cited and released for MIPC (.201 and .210 BrAC'S).
Report of an unattended cart, used for student move out, striking a vehicle. Damage consisted of scratch marks to the rear passenger side of vehicle.
UNL Police assisting LPD with the report of a missing UNL Student.
A student was contacted passed out due to intoxication.  The student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.239 BrAC).
2 non-affiliates were contacted for removing items from dumpsters.  They were given trespass policy letters and released.
Smoke detector activated by a member of the house spray painting a wall on the 3rd floor.
UNL utilities staff reported a temporary boiler trailer and equipment that were located on the north side of Sheldon were vandalized.
Accidental activation of the pull station on the 8th floor.
Non student banned and barred for taken personal items from outside the residence hall.
A non-affiliate was contacted after being observed operating a vehicle while DUS.  The party was cited and lodged for CCW and cited and released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL Student reported a belated theft of a bracelet and currency occurring inside Selleck Hall.  Investigation continues.
A non-affiliate suffered a non-life threatening medical emergency.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped for improper turn at N 16th and X Street, driver found to be intoxicated and driving on revoked driver's license. Driver also had three warrants. Driver Lodged for DUI > .15 4th Offense and cited and released for DUR and Improper Turn.
A Non-UNL Affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding.  He was cited and released for DUI (.231 BrAC), PBT Refusal and Speeding.
Ofc. conducted a traffic stop near 40th and Holdrege.  Driver was cited and released for DUS. Vehicle was left at the scene.
Vehicle stopped near 33rd & Dudley for white light to rear.  Driver cited/lodge for DUR-2nd Offense and cited/released for white light emitting to the rear of vehicle.
Vehicle stopped at Saunders Street and North Antelope Valley Parkway, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and No Proof of Financial Responsibility and released.
Two Non-UNL affiliates contacted on traffic stop for speeding and issued a warning.  Parties were turned over to LPD per active broadcast.
Two vehicle non-injury accident.
One UNL student and one Non-student were cited for having false ID's and released, this happen at 1109 Idylwild.
UNL student cited for Unlawful Acts having False ID, and released. This occurred at UNLPD.
Fire alarm pull station activated.  No fire or emergency found.  The case is still under investigation.
Non-student was contacted in the building and given a trespass policy letter.
UNL staff fainted in his office causing a minor head laceration.  Transported to the hospital for further treatment.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for DUS.
LFR transported a non-student to Bryan West for an allergic reaction.
Non-student issued a UNL Trespass Policy Letter.
Report of an officer, off duty, observing a contact between LPD and a person believed to have caused a disturbance.
Non UNL affiliated 71 year old male unresponsive.  Transported to LGH East for further treatment.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for False Statements, DUS and Failure to Display 2 Plates.
Officers attempted to stop a vehicle for a traffic violation. The vehicle fled and officers did not pursue.  The investigation is on-going.
3 juveniles were contacted on a traffic stop.  1 juvenile was referred for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.  The juvenile was cited/released for POP Violation and Wrong Way on a One Way.
Report of a 82 year old male sick and vomiting.  Transported to St. Elizabeth's Hospital for further treatment and evaluation.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding.  Cited and released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI (.205 BrAC) and Speeding.
Fire alarm activated inside 50/50 by pull station (no fire).  PR identified and cited for False Reporting and transported to The Bridge (BrAC .224).
Non-UNL affiliate contacted for Driving under Suspension and active warrant.  Lodged on warrant; cited and released for DUS.
Report of possible stolen bike from the east side of Sandoz Hall.
Haymarket Park staff reported a belated vandalism to one of their Gators.  Possible suspect.
UNL student reported the belated theft of his backpack from Love Library.  No suspects at this time.
Vehicle stopped for improper turn onto N 16th from Vine. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and warned for improper turn.
Vehicle stopped at N 19th and Y Streets, driver found to be suspended. Vehicle also had fictitious and no insurance. Driver cited for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and Fictitious Plates.
Vehicle stopped at 22nd and Vine Street, driver found to be suspended and had seven warrants. Driver Cited and lodged for DUS and lodged for the warrants.
Person contacted trying to get into the Knolls, party was intoxicated and taken to the Bridge and turned over to the staff at the Bridge.
3 non-affiliates contacted on a traffic stop near 27th/Vine.  All three cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Driver also cited for DUS and passenger lodged on active warrants.
Non-affiliate contacted on a traffic stop near 14th/O Streets.  Cited and Released for DUS and No Valid Registration.  Lodged on active Warrant.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop near Holdrege and Grace Ave.  Cited and released for DUS.
UNL Information Technology services reported the theft of a laptop computer that had not been returned at its due date.
UNL Information Technology staff reported the belated theft of a computer tower.  No suspects
UNL student reported losing their Texas driver license somewhere on City Campus. Wanted report to get new license.
Vehicle stopped at 14th and Butler Ave, driver found to have their driving privileges revoked. Cited and released for DUR.
Non Affiliate contacted on traffic stop near 17th/R.  Cited/released for possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
Hit and Run accident occurring at the intersection of 17th and Q Street.
Vehicle stopped at 16th Street R-Q Street for crossing center lane on R Street 17th -16th, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Proof of Insurance and released.
An intoxicated male broke a door handle to a bedroom door and then left.  Suspect identified.
Non-student lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking > $1,500 and Possession of Burglary Tools after he broke into a car.
Non-student cited for Theft by Unlawful Taking $200-$500 and Criminal Mischief $200-$500 after breaking into a car.
Non-student assaulted two females.  He was cited and taken to jail for Strangulation, Domestic Assault-3rd Degree and 3rd Degree Assault.
Report of a vehicle broken into and items taken.  Non student cited/released for Criminal Mischief/Theft by Unlawful Taking.
UNL faculty member reported a disturbance with a student.  Referred to the Dean of Students.
Report of several metal rails bent and broken in a railing on the south side of building.
Non student observed driving with a suspended license and outstanding warrant.  Driver cited/released for DUS and lodged for the outstanding warrant.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop near 10th/T Streets.  Party cited and released for DUS, Speeding and No Seat Belt.
Non student cited/released for DUS/False Information.  Turned over to LPD on a broadcast for strangulation and child abuse.
UNL student contacted on a traffic stop near 10th/T Streets.  Cited and released for DUS and Speeding (6-10 over).
Registration check of vehicle revealed the owner to be revoked.  Driver was confirmed to be the owner by NCJIS photo.  Non student cited/released for DUR - 2nd Offense.
Traffic stop for white light to rear of vehicle.  Non student driver was cited/released for DUS/No Proof of Insurance.
Two UNL students contacted near 14th/New Hampshire.  Both cited for 2nd Degree Trespass.  One also cited for MIP-C (no BAC provided).
Registration check of vehicle revealed the owner was wanted on a warrant and had a suspended license.  Driver/owner was cited/lodged for DUS (20 FTA's) and lodged on warrant.
UNL student reports a missing portable hard drive from the second floor computer lab.
Registration check of vehicle revealed owner had suspended license. Driver (non affiliate) confirmed to be owner and contacted on traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS.
Two non-UNL affiliates contacted on a traffic stop.  One party cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and lodged on a warrant.  The other party was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, Open Alcohol Container, No Operator's License and No headlights at night.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted for being passed out on the porch of the Bio-Fiber Development Lab.  Was lodged at Lancaster County Corrections on an active warrant.
One non student cited/lodged for Obstructing and 7 outstanding warrants.  One non student cited/released for DUS/No Insurance/Open Title/Fictitious Plates/No Valid Registration.
Pull station accidentally activated.
Desk staff (Male) at The Village had their peace disturbed when a male UNL student had their penis exposed as he was retrieving his mail.  UNL student reported they did not realize this.  Student was cited and released for disturbing the peace.
Non student stopped for a cancelled plate.  Driver found to be suspended.  Cited/released for DUS and No Valid Registration.
Non student stopped for fictitious plates.  Driver found to be suspended.  Cited/released for DUS/Fictitious Plates.
Non student stopped for fictitious plates.  Driver found to be suspended.  Cited/released for DUS/Fictitious Plates/No Valid Registration.
Non-student cited/released for Open Container after being contacted during a traffic stop.
Ofc. conducted a traffic stop near 17th and Vine.  Driver (Non UNL) was cited/released for DUS and no valid registration.
Ofc. conducted a traffic stop near 17th and Vine.  Driver (Non UNL) was cited/released for DUS and speeding.
Vehicle stopped at 25th and Vine, driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Driver lodged for warrant and cited and released for DUS.
Non-UNL affiliate given a warning for viewing pornographic material in Love Library, party escorted from Love.
Vehicle stopped N 14th and Court Streets, driver found to be suspended, cited for DUS and released.
Vehicle stopped at 1100 Military Road, driver found to be suspend and had fictitious plates on vehicle. Driver cited and released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
Non UNL affiliate reported a possible vandalism to his vehicle while it was parked in the UNL owned 50/50 garage.
Vehicle was stopped at N 21st and Salt Creek Roadway, driver was found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
Vehicle stopped at 28th and Y Street, driver found to be suspended, driver cited for same and released.
Non UNL affiliate reported receiving disturbing text messages.
Vehicle stopped at N Antelope Valley Parkway and Salt Creed Roadway for failing to use turn signal. Driver cited for Driving under Revocation and Failing to Signal his turns and released.
Person contacted at 17th and Q Street, and found to have been drinking. A PBT test was given and person blew .271. Transported to the Bridge and turned over to staff.
Non student stopped for speeding.  Driver found to be suspended with a license pickup order.  Cited/released for DUS.
Vehicle stopped for obstructed plate.  Non student driver found to be suspended with an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUS.  Lodged on warrant.
Vehicle stopped for speeding.  Non student driver was found to be intoxicated.  Cited for DUI (.152 BrAC)/Speeding (6-10 mph over). TOT The Bridge.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was contacted driving a stolen vehicle.  The party was lodged in jail for Possession of Stolen Property and cited/released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  A probable cause search was performed and the driver was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz 2nd Offense, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Speeding.
Vehicle stopped after driver was identified as suspended.  Non student cited/released for DUS/No Proof of Insurance.
Vehicle stopped for obstructed plate.  Non student driver found to be suspended.  Cited/released for DUS/Obstructed plate.
Vehicle stopped for suspicious plates.  Non student driver found to be suspended with an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUS/Fictitious Plates/No Registration. Lodged on warrant.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for DUS, Speeding and No Seat Belt.
3 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop in a stolen car.  The driver was cited and lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and Theft by Receiving > $1500.00.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for DUI > .15 and No Headlights at Night.
A non-student was contacted on a call for service reference his high level of intoxication.  The male was placed in civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.224 BrAC).
UNL staff member reported a hit and run to their vehicle occurring in the 1140 N 14th Street lot.
A warrant was served on a Non UNL affiliate, person was contacted in there vehicle and was found to be suspended, cited for DUS, No Valid Registration and lodged for warrant.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on traffic stop at AVP/Vine Streets.  Cited and released for DUR and No Valid Registration.  Cited/Lodged for providing a false statement to a police officer.
Three non-UNL affiliates contacted on a traffic stop near 19th/Y Streets.  The driver was lodged on outstanding warrants.  One vehicle passenger was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance, lodged on a warrant and cited/released for Possession of a Legend Drug and Drug Paraphernalia.  The other passenger was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
UNL student contacted for being in academic building areas where he is not authorized to be.  Student given a Trespass Policy Letter.
UNL Transportation Services employee was complaining of dizziness.  Treated on scene by LFR and transported to the hospital for further treatment.
A piece of equipment at the Animal Science Building caught on fire, LFR on scene and put out the fire.
Non UNL affiliate report that their purse was taken from the East Campus Union.
Vehicle stopped in the area of N 16th, U-S Street, driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Driver cited for DUS and lodged for warrant.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited and lodged for DUS and cited/released for Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
UNL staff concerned about youth attending Rec Center day camp.
UNL graduate student found sleeping inside an office in Nebraska Hall.
UNLPD officers assisted LPD and LFR on a person, later found to be UNL staff, unconscious on the pedestrian bridge located at 800 Stadium Drive.  Victim was transported to the hospital and later declared deceased.
Report of property damage to vehicle.  Damage caused by a tree branch falling onto a parked vehicle.  Damage consisted of several scratches and a small dent.
Fire alarm activated and cause was found to be burnt food.
3 non-affiliates were contacted for suspicious behavior. 1 was cited/released for MIPC and False Statements. 1 was cited/lodged for MIP and False Statements and an active warrant. 1 was lodged on an active warrant.
Non UNL affiliated was contacted inside Selleck Hall. They were ban and barred from all UNL residence halls.
Vehicle stopped at 33rd and Cornhusker Highway, driver was found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
UNL student reported a scam where they were asked to deposit the check and then send money to another place.
Report of Non UNL affiliate who had passed out in Harper Hall, LFR on scene and transported party to Bryan West for further treatment.
4 non-UNL students (attendees of Boys State) were contacted reference a possible alcohol/narcotics complaint. Consent search was performed and no contraband was located.
Vandalism to men's restroom Andres Hall
Vehicle stopped at N 20th and P Street, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released.
Vehicle stopped at 17th and Q Street for expired registration, driver also found to be suspended, driver cited for both and released.
Non UNL affiliated party contacted for sleeping in UNLPD elevator lobby.  Found to be intoxicated and transported to The Bridge. (.144 BAC)
UNL student contacted due to his level of intoxication and subsequently transported to The Bridge. (.172 BAC)
Contacted a Non UNL affiliate at 18th and Q Street who was intoxicated, taken to the Bridge with a BAC of .247
Intoxicated student placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge (.215 BAC).
Non UNL affiliated male party found to be intoxicated and transported to The Bridge. (.171 BAC)
UNL student contacted due to level of intoxication and transported to The Bridge. (.253 BAC)
Domestic disturbance between two UNL students.  The party responsible was found to be intoxicated and a minor.  Resources provided to the victim and the party responsible was cited for Minor In Possession by Consumption. (no BAC obtained)
Subject stop conducted reference a warrant which led to recovery of an amphetamine pill.  Party was lodged at Corrections for the warrant and Possession of Controlled Substance.  An unrelated subject was cited/released for Failure to Comply for interfering with the investigation.
Vehicle stopped at 101 N 14 Street, driver found to be suspended and had two warrants, Driver taken to jail on warrants and cited and released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic where 3.2 g marijuana and drug paraphernalia was located.  The subject was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Driving Left of Center.
UNLPD Ofc. on-viewed an injury accident involving a UNL student and a non-UNL affiliate.  1 party cited/released for DWI/MIPC, and the other cited/released for DWI.  Injuries sustained were determined to not be life threatening.
Contacted a non UNL affiliate who had just park their vehicle in the east lot of Plant Sciences who had a warrant. Driver was also found to be suspended, driver lodged for warrant and cited and released for DUS.
Report of vandalism in the second floor men's restroom of Andrews Hall.
Non UNL affiliate contacted for driving under suspension and found to have a warrant.  Cited/released for DUS and lodged on the warrant.
UNL student reported symptoms of a medical emergency and was subsequently transported to the hospital by LFR.
UNL housing staff advised two abandon bikes (total of 10 bikes secured at this location) they had secured to a bike rack on the south side of Pound Hall had been stolen.
UNL staff reported a lock box containing approx. $220 in donations was stolen from their desk drawer. Their office is inside Henzlik Hall.  Investigation continues.
Non UNL affiliate stopped at N 23rd and Vine street, driver found to be suspended and had a LPD broadcast. Cited for DUS and released to LPD on broadcast.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at 32nd and U street for running a stop sign at 23rd and Q. Driver had broadcast from LPD. After LPD transported driver to jail a search of vehicle before towing, found scale with possible residue of Methamphetamine, Driver lodged for possession of Controlled Substance.
A Non UNL Affiliate was contacted on traffic stop.  He was cited/released for DUS.
Damage to ceiling tile in stairwell believed to have been caused by water.
UNL staff reported a Hit and run accident to a UNL owned vehicle.  Unknown location, time and person responsible.
Vehicle stopped at Vine Street and AVP, for no plates or papers, driver found to be intoxicated, taken to The Bridge where he tested .125 BAC. Driver cited for DUI<.15 and No Valid Registration and released to The Bridge.
Contacted Non UNL affiliate at 17th and Vine Street, person had been drinking was taken to The Bridge with a .194 BAC and turned over to staff.
UNLPD employee received minor injury while on duty.
Vehicle stopped for expired tags.  Non student driver was found to be suspended.  Cited/Released for DUS/No Proof of Insurance/No Valid Registration.
Non UNL affiliate reported the theft of items removed from the inside of his unlocked motor vehicle while it was parked on campus.
UNL Student reported the loss of his wallet.
A laptop computer was stolen.
Non-UNL affiliate reported a belated hit and run accident to their unoccupied vehicle.
Report of two unknown persons who had trespassed into the Wick Alumni Center.
UNL staff member reports a male exposing his buttocks.  Non UNL affiliated contacted and cited/lodged for Disturbing the Peace (no ties to the community).
UNL student reports a lost/stolen Coach Wallet and contents.
Non UNL affiliated driver stopped after officer confirmed he was suspended.  Cited/Released for DUS.
Vehicle stopped for improper lane change.  Driver found to be suspended.  Cited/released for DUS/Changing Course without Signaling.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited and released for DUS.
5 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was transported to The Bridge and cited for DUI > .15 (.184 BrAC) and Improper Right Turns. The 4 passengers were released.
Non-student issued a Trespass Policy Letter after refusing to leave a building.
UNL student stopped for Improper Turn.  Driver was cited/released for Driving Under Revocation and Improper Turn.
Non UNL affiliate fled from officer attempting a traffic stop and was later located and placed into custody.  She was ultimately lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and Fleeing to Avoid Arrest.  She was cited/released for DUS, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, Reckless Driving, One Headlight at Night.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for driving under suspension.  Cited/released for DUS.
Non UNL affiliated stopped for driving under suspension.  Cited/released for DUS.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on traffic stop near 22nd/Vine Streets.  Cited and released for DUS.
Non UNL affiliate (camp attendee) reported medical emergency.  Non-life threatening.
Two parties contacted after the report of a fight near Centennial/P streets.  One party placed into CPC due to high level of intoxication.  Neither party involved wanted to pursue criminal charges.
A Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS and Straddling Lane Lines.
UNL student reported his vehicle was stolen from the parking lot located at 4001 Holdrege St (Alpha Gamma Sigma.)  Keys were left in the ignition.  No suspects.
UNL student report their bike taken from the bike rack by the Campus Recreation Center.
Report of person entering Cather Hall with a weapon, a BB gun was found on a floor in Cather Hall.
UNL staff member reported being inappropriately touched by another UNL staff member.  Investigation continues.
Report of a broken window shade.  Unknown cause.
Vehicle stopped at AVP and Military Road for expired registration, driver found to be suspend. Driver cited for DUS and No Valid Registration.
Vehicle stopped at 22nd and Holdrege, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
Possible damages reported to fencing after witness reported hearing noises indicative of a collision and further observed an unknown vehicle leaving the area.
Odor of Marijuana detected to be emitting from room.  Occupants contacted and admitted to smoking marijuana and granted consent to search yielding negative results.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and was cited/released for Theft by Receiving and Fictitious Plates.
UNL student involved in one vehicle accident colliding with a bollard post inside the UNL parking lot located at 1130 N. 14th Street.
UNLPD and LFR were dispatched to a medical emergency involving an intoxicated UNL Student; Non-life threatening.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the 3721 East Campus Loop North.
A Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop near 23rd/Y Streets.  She was cited/released for DUS and Stop Sign Violation.
A UNL student was contacted near 14th/R Streets due to a high level of intoxication.  He was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge (.227 BrAC).
UNL student placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge due to a high level of intoxication. (.207 BAC)
Non-UNL affiliated high school student, attending a UNL camp, made a statement to an instructor which caused them concern. Student turned over to his mother.
Report of chalk graffiti on the Memorial Archway by the Broyhill Fountain.
UNL student reported that they had lost their wallet on City Campus.
Assisted LPD in apprehending shoplifting suspect. This incident happen at 240 N 17th U-Stop.
Non-UNL affiliate observed driving 17th R to Vine with no plates, was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be suspended. Party was lodged for DUS.
Bus struck a parking gate sensor.  No damage to either the bus or the gate.
Faculty member the subject of repeated emails to others within the University.
A non UNL affiliate reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle while parked in the lot north of the 19th and Vine parking garage.
Non UNL affiliate fainted during a show at the Lied Center, LFR on scene and transported to Bryan East for further treatment.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop after a records check showed him to be suspended. During contact marijuana was also located. Driver was cited and released.
A fire was reported in a room and was extinguished. Estimated damage to sterilizing/drying oven is $2,000.00.
Vehicle stopped for fictitious plates.  Driver found to be suspended with warrants.  Cited/Lodged for DUS/Open Container and warrants.
Vehicle was stopped for no plates.  Driver was found to be suspended. Cited for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.  Lodged on Warrant.
Bicycle taken from the racks by the east corner of The Village Residence Hall.
Report of suspicious person in the area of Mable Lee Hall, party contacted and asked to leave campus which they did.
A Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop near 11th/Q Streets.  He was cited/released for DUR, DUI >.15 and no headlights after dark (BrAC .188)
A Non-UNL affiliate was contacted inside a motor vehicle on a check welfare.  He was cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < an ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Lion statue believed to have been taken from 635 N 16th. Three persons arrested for Theft by Receiving $0-$200 and MPI-C, one taken to the Bridge.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and No Valid Registration.
Report of suspicious party by Neihardt Hall, party gone upon officers arrival.
Four non-UNL affiliates were contacted after one was observed skateboarding on a retaining way outside of Hamilton Hall.  All four were provided UNL's Trespass Policy and released.
An abandoned car was discovered by officers who later determined the driver, with multiple prior convictions, had been driving the vehicle on a suspended license.
Belated report of a stolen climbing harness that was later recovered.
Report of possible child abuse occurring on UNL property.
Non UNL affiliate had an allergic reaction of unknown cause in Smith Hall. LFR on scene and transported party to Bryan West for further treatment.
Report of a fight and possible parties with guns in the area of 14th/W Streets.  Area searched and no suspects were located.  Investigation ongoing.
Photo frames found inside of Stadium and their original and/or owner are unknown.
Medical emergency reported at Sandoz Hall regarding a possible allergic reaction.  The party was transported to the hospital.
A non UNL affiliate was contacted for driving in an unsafe manner. Driver found to be intoxicated, taken to The Bridge where they tested .162 BAC and turned over to staff. Driver cited for DUI, No Proof of Insurance, No Operator License, Open Container and Theft by Shoplifting.
A non UNL affiliate was contacted at 525 N 27th , after being seen operating a vehicle at 17th, and North Antelope Valley Parkway, driver was suspended and cited for same.
Non-UNL Affiliate suffered a seizure.  She was transported to the hospital for further treatment.
A Non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited for DUI (.128 BrAC) and straddling lane line.
Damage to vehicle's engine compartment while it was parked in the parking lot.
Non UNL affiliate was reported missing from his group that was attending the Thespian Festival. Party was located after he attended the wrong theater production.
A female reported being stalked by a UNL employee.
A female student performed a sex act on a male, but was too intoxicated to give consent.
Bank employee reports suspicious behavior exhibited by a non UNL affiliate.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on top of AVP and Salt Creek. Party was found to be intoxicated and transported to The Bridge.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for straddling lane lines. Party was found to be intoxicated and cited for DUI > .150 testing a .170 BAC. Turned over to the Bridge
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding. Party was found to be intoxicated and cited for DUI >.150 and turned over The Bridge.
UNL student contacted on the north side of Anderson hall for being intoxicated. Party was transported to The Bridge and turned over to staff (.246 BAC)
Access door damaged by unknown means.
Report of a possible belated theft from an unknown location at UNL.
Non-affiliate reported feeling ill, possibly heat related, and transported to the hospital for further evaluation (non-life threatening).
Check welfare conducted on a non-affiliate.  He was interviewed and released.
Intoxicated female contacted inside construction site near Love Library.  She was issued a policy letter and transported to The Bridge (.262 BrAC).
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to the Bridge with a BAC of .223.
Belated report of a stolen 2003 Black Yamaha motorcycle from the south parking lot of fraternity.
Non student stopped for no plates or papers.  Found to be suspended with an extensive history of DUS and FTA. Cited for No Registration and Insurance.  Lodged for DUS.
Non student stopped for driving under suspension.  Cited/released for DUS.
4 non-UNL affiliate minors were cited for alcohol violations and disturbing the peace after violating a traffic control device and spraying pedestrians with water.
Check welfare conducted on a non-affiliate.  He was interviewed and released.
UNLPD assisted LPD in placing a subject into custody regarding a disturbance.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted after he was observed urinating in public in an UNL parking lot.  Cited/released for Littering.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < an ounce, No valid driver's license and Failure to signal lane change.
Five non-UNL affiliates contacted after being observed crawling through a gap in the fencing to gain access to the stadium. Cited and released.
UNL faculty member reported a bicycle stolen outside his residence. No description or identifying of the bicycle is available.
Non UNL affiliate was contacted by field contact.  She was cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Check welfare conducted on a non-affiliate.  He was interviewed and released.
UNL staff reported an apparent belated attempted theft of numerous miscellaneous items. No items are known to have left the building at this time.
UNL faculty lost an iPhone that was later tracked to an area near campus.
Non-student Ban and Barred from UNL after causing a verbal disturbance in the City Union.
Non-student cited/released for Disturbing the Peace after causing a disturbance at the City Union.
Non-UNL affiliate was observed to be driving with a suspended license. Cited and released.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted near 1120 W. Coddington.  He was cited/lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking > $1500, and cited/released for Resisting Arrest and Criminal Mischief.
Attempted burglary at the Agronomy & Horticulture Greenhouse.
UNLPD officers assisted in the arrest of a non-student wanted for causing a disturbance.  LPD arrested this person for Failure to Comply.
UNL staff member fell and may have hit her head.
Tire damaged at an off campus location.
Damage to an engine caused by an animal.
Vehicle stopped for having a broadcast, passenger found to have active warrants. Cited for False statement to Peace Officer and lodged.
Non UNL affiliate injured their hand on a bollard, on City Campus.
Vehicle stopped at Salt Creed Roadway and Stadium Drive for improper turn. Driver found to be driving under revocation. Cited for Improper Turn, Driving under Revocation and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and released.
UNL student transported to Bryan West due to stomach illness.
Contractor set off a fire alarm and sprinklers while welding inside the building.
Non student stopped for fictitious plates.  Driver found to be suspended.  Cited and released for DUS.
2 students were contacted on a traffic stop.  After a probable cause search of the vehicle both were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.  One was also cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited/released for DUS and lodged in jail on an outstanding warrant.
2 trash receptacles were destroyed by a fire started by an unknown means.  Video footage is inconclusive to the cause.  Damage is estimated at $300.00.
5 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  3 were cited/released for MIPC after admitting to drinking and submitting to a PBT (.079, .082 and .125 BrAC's).
A student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The student was cited and released to The Bridge for DUI > .15 (>240 BrAC), Violating a Stop Sign and Failing to Obey a Traffic Control Device.
Non-student cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  She was cited/lodged for DUS and cited/released for No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
Two UNL students contacted after observed to be smoking marijuana.  One student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Two non UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  One party cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and Carrying a Concealed Weapon.  The other party was cited/released for Fictitious Plates.
Non UNL Affiliate contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS and Two Headlights Required at Night.
Mechanical gate arm damaged by a vehicle attempting to exit the parking garage.
Patio wall at Varner Hall was vandalized by fireworks.
5 non affiliated juveniles were seen trespassing in Memorial Stadium, all were warned and given Trespass policy Letter and released.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for no plates or papers. Driver was found to be suspended and also have active warrants. There was also an open alcohol container found in the vehicle. Party lodged on warrants.
UNL student contacted due to stumbling down the sidewalk. Student was taken to The Bridge and turned over to staff. (.207 BAC).
Anonymous report of UNL property being sold by a staff member.
Conference participant experienced a seizure. Transported by LFR to the hospital.
Non-student transported to Bryan/LGH East for breathing problems.
A two vehicle non-injury accident occurred in the parking lot east of Sandoz.
UNL student arrested for Domestic Assault-3rd Degree and lodged in jail. This occurred on the north side of the City Union.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The student was cited/released for DUI (.124 BrAC) and Disobeying a Traffic Control Device.
Vulgar graffiti observed on a concrete support outside of Love Library.
Construction crew working on sidewalk repair inadvertently struck a gas line.
Report of minor damage to a vehicle.
UNL student (.280 BAC) and a non-student (.222 BAC) taken to The Bridge.
UNL student reports the theft of a black mountain bicycle from the south side of building.
UNL student reports the theft of a grey and black bicycle south of the building.
Non UNL affiliate reports a lost black/grey iPhone 6 with a black case north of the Knoll Residence Hall.
A student reports her bicycle stolen.  Loss is estimated at $100.00.
UNL affiliate reported that unknown persons had taken several credit cards that were left in a bathroom in the Dairy Store.
A non-affiliate contacted officers asking for directions.  A drivers history check of the driver revealed a suspended license.  She was cited and released for DUS.
2 non-affiliates were contacted reference a disturbance call.  1 party was cited/lodged for Failure to Comply.  The other party was released.
2 non-affiliates were contacted sitting in a vehicle on a check welfare.  Both were placed in civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.154 and .214 BrAC's).
A non-affiliate was contacted in a vehicle reference a disturbance.  The driver was transported to The Bridge and cited for DUI and Refuse Chemical Test.
Report of a 3'X5' exterior window pane above the north entrance broken.  Video reviewed with no suspicious activity observed.
A non-student was contacted for fishing north of the Icebox. The party was cited/released for Fishing Without a Permit.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. 1 was cited/released for Open Container.  1 party was cited/lodged for DUS (Felony) and cited/released for False Statements.
Numerous non-affiliates were contacted on the basketball courts reference trespassing. 1 party was cited/released for Obstructing a Police Officer after refusing numerous orders to leave the area.
Vehicle stopped at 16th and S Street for no valid decal affixed to license plate. Driver found to be revoked, cited for same and warned for no decal on plate and released.
Non UNL affiliated person was stopped for DUS at 17th-19th on Y street. Driver also had a warrant. Driver cited and released for DUS and lodged for the warrant.
Vehicle stopped after passenger was id as having active warrants. Driver was also found to have only a work permit and was not going to or returning from work. Driver cited for DUR and released and passenger taken to jail on warrants.
A juvenile male was contacted after Staff discovered narcotics.  The male was referred for MIPC (.028), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non UNL affiliate reported that unknown persons had broken into their vehicle while parked in the 19th and S parking lot. Cash and credit card missing.
Victim of theft of credit card reports card being used at two location in Lincoln.
Vehicle stopped for no plates or paper at the parking lot east of Abel Hall. Upon contact marihuana was smelled in vehicle, search of vehicle found marihuana, driver was also suspended and cited for Possession of Marihuana and DUS
A dumpster was on fire at Agricultural Hall on East Campus. LFR on scene and put out the fire, investigation continues.
UNL employee inadvertently damaged a fuel pump hose. occurring at the East Campus gas pumps.
Non UNL affiliated stopped after passenger was observed to have an outstanding warrant.  Driver cited/released DUS. Passenger lodged on warrant.
Unknown person(s) attempted to steal copper from the construction site at the old Bio Chem area.
Two vehicle accident, one a state vehicle. No injuries reported.
Report of a suspicious note placed on office door.
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  One party cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz., and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  The other party was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance with Intent to Deliver, an active warrant and additionally lodged by LPD for Possession of Stolen Property.
UNL student cited/released for Theft by Unlawful Taking ($0-200).
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop near 17th and Q Streets.  He was cited/released for Aggravated DUI, Open Container, Straddling Lane Lines and Improper Turn.
UNL student contacted for intoxication and placed into Civil Protective Custody.  He was transported to The Bridge (BrAC: .247)
Non-UNL affiliate was transported to the hospital after falling from a parking garage structure and was treated for non-life threatening injuries.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was contacted due to intoxication and placed into civil protective custody.  He was transported to The Bridge and released (BrAC: .179)
UNL student reported their bike taken from the bike rack by Cather Hall.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at 17th and Antelope Valley Parkway, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
2 non-affiliates were contacted for trespassing on rec courts. One was issued a Trespass Policy Letter.
Vehicle stopped at N Street between 19th and 20th Street, driver found to be suspended and cited and released for same.
Vehicle stopped at 20th and K Street, driver found to be suspended and had a LPD broadcast. Driver cited for DUS and turned over to LPD.
An officer came upon a non-affiliate who was injured off campus.  The party was transported to the hospital by LFR for evaluation.
UNL Staff reported a female stating she was the victim of a crime before leaving the area.  When the female was located she denied making these statements.
Vehicle stopped at N 35th St and Center Drive for no valid license plates. Driver also found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No  Valid Registration and released.
Vehicle stopped at S Street and AVP, driver found to be suspended, driver cited for same and released.
Vehicle stopped at 19th and S Street for no valid registration, driver of vehicle was found to be suspended and cited and released for DUS. The owner of vehicle was cited for No Proof of Financial Responsibility, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration and released.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The party was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and improper left turns.
Report of a delivery truck striking the skywalk between Home Economics and Ruth Leverton buildings.
Belated report of littering after Parking Services reporting a juvenile male urinating on the elevator floor.
Registration check revealed the driver of vehicle was suspended.  Driver was cited/released for DUS.
A UNL Student was contacted due to being inside of Nebraska Hall without authorization.  He was cited/released for 2nd Degree Trespassing.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited/released for Driving Under Suspension.
Report of visas and passport information lost/stolen in Chicago, Illinois.  Turned over to the Chicago Police Department.
Report of unknown person(s) writing on a concrete slab north of the East Union, the slab will have to be replaced.
Fire alarm activated by construction workers cutting cement board.
LFR responded to a female fainting.  Female refused transport.
UNL staff member reported feeling ill and was transported to the hospital for further evaluation (non life-threatening).
Report of a vehicle striking a concrete pillar. Minor damage to the front driver's side quarter panel.
Officer observed a suspended driver operating a motor vehicle.  MDT confirmed photo and status.  Non student cited/released for DUS.
A Non UNL-Affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited/released to The Bridge for Driving Under the Influence and No Headlights After Dark (.132 BrAC).
Suspended driver observed operating a motor vehicle.  Driver's status and photo confirmed through MDT.  Non student cited/released for DUS/No Financial Responsibility.
Report of a female passenger on a traffic stop providing false information to a police officer.
Three UNL students and one non-affiliate were contacted after forcing entry into a closed residence hall and stealing a clock.  All four parties were cited/lodged for Burglary.
Contacted driver of blue Ford Excursion at 2950 Vine Street after seeing vehicle on Antelope Valley Parkway. The driver was wanted on LPD warrant and was suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released, lodged on warrant.
Fire alarm at Children's Center caused by burnt food. LFR on scene.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  A probable cause search revealed 5 oz's marijuana and money and a scale.  Both parties were lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance w/Intent to Deliver.  The driver was also cited for DUS, Improper Turn and Failure to Signal.
A student reports the theft of his bicycle.  Loss is estimated at $200.00.
Lightning struck a building causing damage.
Vehicle stopped by Sandoz Hall off of Antelope Valley Parkway, driver found to be on a 15yr revocation. Driver cited for same twice before, Driver Cited for DUR-15yr Revocation -2nd subsequent and lodged.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for suspicious behavior outside a sorority house. Party was issued a trespass letter and released.
Non-student fainted. Refused transport to a hospital.
Female student reported male student had nonconsensual sex with her while she was sleeping.
Stolen bicycle with lock and cable from the bike racks located on the west side of the Union.
Vehicle stopped at 22nd and Vine for no valid registration. Driver also found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and no Valid Registration and released.
Vehicle stopped at 10th and Court St. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
A Non-UNL Affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance with Intent to Deliver, Possess Money while Violating 28-416, Tampering with Physical Evidence and cited/released for DUS, Obstructing a Peace Officer and Resisting Arrest.
A Non-UNL Affiliate was cited/lodged for 3rd Degree Assault on an officer.
Non-UNL Affiliate contacted on traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS and No Front Plate.
Vandalism to a vehicle parked in the garage.
Report of male taking pictures of females on the north side of the City Union.
Non injury accident in the Area 10 Loop 745 N 14th, Both vehicle had very little damage.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited/released for Driving Under Suspension and No Headlights.
An 11 year old female sustained an injury while participating in tumbling exercises and was transported to Bryan West Hospital.
Witness reported observing an accident on the first floor of parking garage. Minor damage to front driver's side bumper.
Three non-UNL affiliates were contacted due to intoxication and transported to The Bridge (BrAC's: .365, .282.,279).
A party was contacted under suspicious circumstances in a UNL Housing facility. The party was found to be a student and resident.
Non-student lost her wallet while on campus.
Report of a non student passing out.  Transported to Bryan West for further evaluation.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop.  The student was cited/released for Open Container.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/lodged for DUS and Possession of Controlled Substance.  He was also cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Open Container, False Statements and Violating an Automatic Signal.  The passenger was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL employee had a water balloon thrown at him.
Vehicle stopped at N 23rd and S Street, driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Driver lodged in jail for warrant and cited and released for DUS.
UNL staff member called for LFR in reference to a medical issue. Party was transported for further treatment.
A 'Where's Waldo' figurine was spray painted on a brick column.  Damage estimated at $100.  No suspects at this time.
A non-UNL affiliate's purse was stolen from her parked vehicle with the windows rolled down.  No suspects at this time.
Two juveniles (non-unl affiliates) were contacted for trespassing in the practice fields west of the Hawks Center. Parties were turned over to parents and referred.
UNL student requested assistance from LFR due to a medical issue. Party was evaluated and transported to the hospital.
UNL affiliates reported belated damage to a state vehicle.
A UNL staff member was involved in a single vehicle non-injury accident.  Damage to the UNL vehicle was estimated at $8,000.  No citations issued.
UNLPD officers assisted LPD in contacting a party for brandishing a firearm.
UNL staff member reported a hit and run to a UNL vehicle at an unknown location. Investigation is ongoing.
A UNL student was transported to an area hospital for non-life threatening injuries sustained after a recreational accident.
A UNL student suffered a minor injury to their head while in their room. Medical transport refused.
Anonymous report of a theft.  Investigation revealed the incident had been handled internally by the UNL affiliated organization and they did not wish to involve police.
A UNL student was contacted due to his intoxication level and transported to The Bridge (BrAC: .216).
Report of the possible theft of two bicycles.  Investigation continues.
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop near 11th/Q Streets.  He was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI (BrAC .183) and Straddling Lane Lines.
Non-UNL Affiliate contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS and Speeding 11-15 Over.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop near 16th/P Streets.  Cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL Student reported the theft of his cellular telephone from his apartment.
Vehicle stopped at N 32nd and Vine Street, driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Driver cited for DUS and Resisting Arrest and lodged for warrant.
UNL student reported a medical emergency.
UNL student reported unknown person was using their likeness on a friendship/dating internet site.
Two non-UNL affiliates contacted on a traffic stop.  The passenger was lodged for an active warrant.  The driver was cited/released for possession of marijuana > 1 ounce (1.15 ounces seized).
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted by UNLPD due to extreme intoxication. Party was transported by LFR for further treatment.
UNLPD officer responded to a belated hit and run at NETV. Damage was to a sidewalk bollard. Investigation continues.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for sleeping in the Stadium Parking garage. Party was found to be intoxicated and transported to The Bridge and provided a trespass policy letter. (.123 BAC on a small sample)
4 juveniles and 1 adult were issued trespass policy letters after skateboarding in a prohibited area of campus.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 ounce (11.6 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for speeding and was found to be DUS. Party was also stopped earlier in the day by UNLPD for same offense. Party was lodged for DUS.
4 parties (3 -UNL affiliates and 1 non-affiliate) were contacted for attempting to enter the steam tunnels around Love Library. One party was cited for entering the construction zone around the library the others were issued trespass policy letter.
Non-UNL Affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Insurance.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. Party was found to be DUS and have 4 warrants. Party was cited for DUS and lodged on warrants.
UNL student contacted on a traffic stop for negligent driving. Party was found to be intoxicated and was cited for DWI and negligent driving. (.160 BAC)
Person have heat related symptoms at Memorial Stadium, LFR on scene and transported person to Bryan East for further treatment.
UNL student cited for possession of Fake ID's and released.
UNL staff members reported a larceny of a recently delivered Heward-Packard hard drive. Investigation is ongoing.
Non-UNL affiliate fled from a traffic stop attempted by officer. Possible suspect identified and broadcast has been initiated.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for one head light. Party provided false name to officer and was also found to be DUS. Party was cited for offenses then released.
UNL student found unconscious on the north side of the union with superficial abrasions. LFR was summoned and the party was transported due to intoxication level.
A juvenile female and two unidentified males were contacted for suspicious activity.  Both males fled the scene.  The female was referred for Possession of Marijuana > 1 oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, MIP, Open Container and Acts Declared Unlawful.  Investigation continues.
A student was contacted after he was observed stumbling and staggering as he walked.  The student was unable to care for himself due to intoxication. Transported to The Bridge (.172 BrAC)
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted in regards to a disturbance (OPS) in the area of 14th and P St. The individual was ultimately transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Non injury accident in the area 1144 T St. Both vehicles had minor damage.
A non-affiliate was contacted for driving under revocation. The party was cited and lodged in jail for DUR 2nd Offense.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited and released to The Bridge for DUI, Refuse a Chemical Test and Speeding.
Vehicle stopped at Salt Creed Roadway and 21st Street, driver found to have a revoked license and cited and released for same.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Operators License.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted for trespassing in UNL building. Party provided trespass policy letter and then left campus.
Student complaining of shortness of breath at the Health Center, LFR on scene and transported to Bryan East for further evaluation.
UNL staff member reported disturbing behavior of a former employee.
Vehicle stopped at Cornhusker Highway and Yolande Avenue for expired plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUR-Subsequent, Possession of Marijuana, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and no "valid registration. Driver cited and lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance Methamphetamine.
Non-UNL affiliate was lodged after being contacted for speeding and found to be DUS with several priors and FTAs
UNL student reported their passport as lost. Attempts to locate the lost passport are ongoing.
Student complaining of chest pain at the Health Center, LFR arrived on scene and transported the student to the hospital for further evaluation.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (0.2 grams) and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A current UNL student who was the victim of a theft in another state came to UNLPD in an attempt to identify a possible suspect without success.
A student suffered a medical emergency.  They were transported to the hospital for evaluation and treatment.
2 students were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released to the Bridge for DUI (.123 BrAC), Speeding and MIPC.
A non-affiliate was contacted due to a high level of intoxication. The male was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.268 BrAC).
2 students were contacted on a possible domestic incident. Both parties were found to be intoxicated. 1 was cited/released for MIPC and 1 was transported to The Bridge and cited for MIPC.
A non-affiliate was contacted for trespassing.  The male was given a Trespass Policy and released.
UNL staff member reported a hit & run to a light pole occurring on the west side of Abel Hall. Investigation is ongoing.
UNL student reported losing their NCard and keys after attending a UNL event at the City Union.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer and cited for DUS.
UNL student inadvertently set off a fire alarm at Selleck Quad.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for extreme intoxication. Party taken to The Bridge and turned over to staff (.345 BAC)
Non-UNL affiliate contacted for stumbling into traffic. Party found to be intoxicated and taken to The Bridge. (.205 BAC)
UNL student missing items from their office in Westbrook
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on campus and was found to be ban and barred. Party was cited for trespassing and released.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited and released for possession of marijuana < 1 oz., possession of drug paraphernalia, violating a stop sign and no valid registration.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop, was subsequently cited/lodged for DUS and was also lodged on an active warrant.
UNL PD officers responded to a UNL fraternity on a report of three males aggressively attempting to get females to attend a party.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody due to high level of intoxication (.280 BrAC) and transported to The Bridge.
UNL student contacted after littering from his vehicle. Upon contact student was found to be in possession of marijuana (17g) and paraphernalia. Student was cited and released.
Report of a disturbing email sent to a faculty member.
3 UNL students cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer.  The 3 students along with a 4th student were cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 ounce.
A UNL student was cited/lodged for Failure to Comply after he fled from police on foot.
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated.  Cited/released to a sober party for DWI > .15 (BAC .175) and FTOTCD.
Officer received minor injuries while attempting to arrest a wanted person. The PR was placed into custody and transported to Lancaster County Corrections and lodged for assault on a police officer, resisting arrest and obstruction.
A UNL PD Officer contacted an individual who had a warrant. The PR attempted to flee from the officer and was ultimately placed into custody. The PR was transported to Lancaster County Corrections and lodged for an active warrant, obstruction and assault on a police officer.
A UNL student was contacted near 16th and S St. due to intoxication (BAC.266). Student was transported to the Bridge for further care. Cited and released for MIP-C.
A UNL student fell while running, which caused minor head and leg injuries. The student was transported to the hospital by LFR for further treatment.
A UNL student was transported to the Bridge with a BAC of .229.  Cited/released for MIP-C and Poss. False ID.
A UNL student was transported to the Bridge after a physical disturbance.  Cited/released for Disturbing the Peace and Steal Money or Goods < $300.  BAC of .273 of a partial sample.
UNL student cited for Leaving the Scene of an Accident-Failure to Furnish-1st, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and Careless Driving and released. This occurred in the 1830 Vine Parking garage.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the lot at 1033 N 16th.
UNL student cited/released for Drug Paraphernalia and MIP after being contacted for smoking marijuana in his dorm room.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for Aggravated DUI (.198 BrAC), Taillight Violation and an Improper Left Turn.
UNL staff member reported that they observed a male party masturbating in a room at the Beadle Center.
UNL student transported to Bryan/LGH West after passing out in her car.
Receipt of disturbing emails to UNL faculty.  Investigation ongoing.
Hit and run in the garage. Suspect vehicle located but not owner.
A student and a non-student were contacted in a vehicle after the strong smell of marijuana was detected emitting from the car.  The student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Possession of Stolen Property (Street Sign).
UNL students report items taken from the Cook Pavilion, Investigation continues.
UNL student cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. this occurred in Selleck Hall
A minor UNL student was contacted after found to be smoking marijuana in his dorm room.  Referred to County Attorney and parent notified.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for failing to obey a traffic control device and was found to be driving under suspension.  Cited/released for both.
A non UNL affiliate was observed urinating in public and was subsequently cited/released for same.
Vehicle windshield damaged by unknown object while parked in an UNL parking lot.  No suspects at this time.  Investigation continues.
Bicycle stolen sometime this summer from a bike rack.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the Stadium Parking Garage.
UNL student reported that they had lost their passport in the City of Lincoln.
A student reports ill effects after drinking from a bottle handed to him by an unknown female. Student feels fine now. Wants to make LE aware.
2 non-students were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released to The Bridge for DUI (.118 BrAC) and Excessive Noise From Motor Vehicle.
A non-affiliate was contacted sitting on top of the Big X. While checking his welfare it was discovered he had a warrant. After being transported to jail narcotics were found on his person. Lodge for Possess a Controlled Substance and cited for Possess Drug Paraphernalia and Fail to Comply.
UNL affiliate wanted to report a missing wallet.
UNLPD and LFR responded to a report of a party who had fainted. Party found to have a pre-existing medical condition.
UNL student reported that they lost their passport in the Chicago O'Hare International Airport.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted at the city union for causing a disturbance. Party was escorted from building and issued trespass policy letter.
UNL student reporting her wallet and contents as lost.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS and Fail to Signal Turn.
Report of a television stolen from Abel Residence Hall TV/study lounge area.
2 UNL students were cited/released for MIP-C.  No BACs.
A UNL student suffered a non-life threatening medical incident.  Treated by LFR on scene and cleared.
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be impaired.  He was transported to the Bridge and cited/released for DWI > .15 (.197 BAC), MIP-C, and Negligent Driving.
A non-UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be driving while impaired.  Taken to the Bridge and cited/released for DWI, No Operators License on Person, and Speeding (11-15).  BAC .126.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to the Bridge.  No BAC provided.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to the Bridge with a BAC of .222.
A UNL student reported their passport to be lost. A check of campus lost and found yielded negative results. Case inactive pending further information
A UNL staff member suffered a medical episode and was transported to the hospital by LFR.
A UNL staff member reported a shoplift of an Apple iPod touch occurring at the UNL computer store. Investigation ongoing.
A non-UNL affiliate was treated for minor injuries sustained during a fall.  Transported to a hospital for further treatment.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (3.1 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and subsequently arrested for DWI > .15 and Speeding (6-10).  He was transported to the Bridge with a BAC of .182.
6 non-UNL affiliates (including 1 juvenile) and 1 UNL student cited/released for MIP-C.  2 non-affiliates transported to the Bridge.  BACs: .013, .021, .026, .036, .058, .128, and .161.
A UNL staff member reported a check welfare of a 21 year old student. UNLPD made contact with the student who appeared to be intoxicated but conscious and alert. The student was left in the care of a sober roommate.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, Speeding (11-15), and No Valid Registration.
Check welfare of an intoxicated 19 year old student.  Transported to Bryan West ER per victim's request.  No citation issued.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .087.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DWI, No Proof of Insurance, Traffic Signal Violation, and Open Alcohol Container.  TOT'd The Bridge with a BAC of .113.
An intoxicated UNL student suffered non-life threatening injuries to his face by unknown means.  Party was transported to Bryan West ER.  Follow-up to be conducted.
2 UNL students were cited/lodged for Burglary.  The were also cited for MIP-C with BACs of .201, and .237.
OPS report detailing Officers' apprehension of a possible Robbery/Kidnap suspect for LPD.
LFR and UNLPD responded to Phi Delta Theta reference a fire alarm. Alarm was caused by smoke from a fog machine, no damage caused.
UNL student reported they lost their passport at the City Union.
UNL student reported a verbal altercation with another (unidentified) UNL student.
A UNL student reported receiving an unwanted letter from an admirer.
A 20 year old UNL student was transported to a local hospital due to alcohol consumption.  Conditions were non-life threatening.
A UNL student was cited for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .198.
A non-affiliate fell of his bicycle and lost consciousness. LFR was summoned and the person was transported to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited and released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Transported to The Bridge.  No BAC provided.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. He was cited and released to The Bridge for DUI (.111 BrAC) and Wrong Way on a One Way.
UNL student cited for Failing to Yield to the Right of Way. for non injury accident at N14th and Salt Creed Road.
UNL student report that they had fainted but refused medical. This occurred in the Village.
A UNL student reported a theft of their iPhone6 from their residence and were able to provide suspect information. Investigation is ongoing.
UNL student suffered an allergic reaction to a wasp sting, occurring at 1535 R Street. LFR on scene and transported student to Bryan West for further treatment.
UNL student reported hit and run accident occurring in the 50/50 parking garage, suspect was found and cited for leaving the scent of an accident.
UNL student suffered a epileptic seizure on sidewalk by Morrill Hall. LFR on scene and transported student to St. Elizabeth for further treatment.
UNL student reporting a sexual assault which occurred at an unknown location.
UNLPD discovered a incident of Procuring Alcohol for Minors while conducting another active investigation.
Concrete bench damaged at 400 University Terrace.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the lot located at 745 N 14th.
UNL student was yelling at two other students in a class room and then caused a disturbance in the Union Bank at the City Union.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for no plates or paper and found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility and released.
The UNL Bookstore reports the theft of a display model iPad. Loss estimated at $379.00.
2 students report a party acting inappropriately towards them in a UNL Store. The investigation is ongoing.
2 non-affiliates and 1 student were contacted on a traffic stop. The non-affiliate driver was cited/released for .02 Violation (.062 BrAC), MIP and Reckless Driving. The student was cited/released for MIP (.127 BrAC).
UNL student reported fraud occurring in China. OPS report of victims actions.
A UNL student reported losing their iPhone6 somewhere on campus.
2 non-affiliates were contacted regarding a vehicle used in a prior crime. After a consent search both parties were lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance. One was also cited/released for DUS, Open Container and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
LFR and UNLPD dispatched on a medical issue at Richards Hall. Party was transported to hospital for further treatment
A UNL staff member reported damage to a recycling container occurring on city campus. Investigation is on going.
UNLPD Officer assisted LPD regarding a suicidal party located on top of 1155 Q St. The un-injured party was transferred to the hospital for further care.
A UNL student experienced a non-life threatening allergic reaction and was transported to a local hospital by LFR.
Report of an intoxicated UNL student (under 21) was taken into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  Cited/released for MIP-C .168 BAC.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and lodged at Corrections for DUS.  Cited/released for No Proof of Insurance, and No Valid Registration.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (0.8 g), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Defective Brake Light.
An 18 year old UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .163.  The student was left in the care of a sober individual.
2 non-affiliated minors were contacted in a vehicle.  The driver was cited/released for .02 Violation (BAC of 0.036), MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Open Alcohol Container.  The passenger was cited/released for MIP.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (5.2 g), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and MIP (BAC of .000).
A UNL student reported a hit and run to his vehicle.  Damage estimated at $300.
A 20 year old UNL student was cited/released for DWI, Refuse Chemical Test, Refuse Preliminary Test, MIP-C, and Speeding (11-15).  Taken to the Bridge with no official BAC.
A UNL student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .145.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
An intoxicated UNL student fell from a loft bed and was transported to a local hospital with non-life threatening conditions.  Partial BAC of .233.
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop.  During the course of the DWI investigation, the student fled from police on foot.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (0.6 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non UNL-affiliate suffered a medical issue while tailgating. Party was transported to area hospital for further evaluation.
UNL student cited/released to parents for MIP (.221 BAC) during the football game.
UNL student reported a sexual assault occurring in a residence hall. Investigation continues
UNLPD discovered an incident of Procuring Alcohol for Minors while conducting another active investigation.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections for Unlawful Intrusion and cited/released for Unlawful Possession of a Legend Drug.
A non-UNL student was lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance; cited/released for Unauthorized Entry into a Motor Vehicle, Resist Arrest, Failure to Comply, and MIP-C (BAC of .272).
A non-UNL affiliate assaulted a healthcare professional.  PR was transported to a local hospital and released.  Charges pending further investigation.
Report of injury to officer while arresting person at the UNL processing center on 09-05-2015
A UNL student was cited/released for Criminal Mischief $500-$1500 after causing significant damage to a parked vehicle.
Non-student cited for DWI (.181 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
Minor damage to a vehicle.
UNL student reported that his property was taken from a locker at the Rec Center.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop, found to have a suspended license and an active arrest warrant.  Cited/released for DUS/Tail Light Violation and lodged on the warrant.
Report of a party in a dorm room.  19 year UNL student contacted and found to have consumed alcohol on campus.  Cited/released for MIP-C (.098)
Two bike seats and two bike tires were removed of victims bikes at 2222 Vine Street.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at 18th Q-R Street for drift over divided lane lines on Antelope Valley Parkway near N 17th St., driver cited for Negligent Driving and DUI < .15 and released to the Bridge.
A student suffered a medical emergency.  They were transported to the hospital.
A non-affiliate was contacted for severe intoxication. He was transported to The Bridge (.258 BrAC).
UNL student reported her bicycle stolen.
A UNL student reported a theft of their motorcycles seat, registration and insurance card near Memorial Stadium.
UNL student cited for possession of drug paraphernalia and released, Non-student cited for Possession of Marijuana less than an ounce and released. This occurred in the Knolls Residence Center.
UNL student reports wallet and contents lost/stolen.  Total loss valued at $120.
UNL student reports wallet lost/stolen.  Total loss valued at $80.
A UNL student was cited/released for Disturbing the Peace after shining a laser pointer into moving vehicles and UNL dormitories.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.20 g) less than 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, No Valid Registration, and Speeding (6-10).
Non-UNL vehicle struck a UNL owned garage. No injuries.
Strange behavior exhibited by UNL student.
UNL student transported to Bryan/LGH West for further treatment after suffering pelvic pain.
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted and transported to Corrections for active warrants.  One party was cited/released for False Statements.  Follow-up to be conducted regarding narcotics investigation.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Failure to Comply.  Transported to the Bridge with a BAC of .286.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and subsequently cited/released for DWI, and Improper Turn.  The subject was taken to The Bridge with a BAC of .092.
UNL student reported the theft of her bicycle from the Nebraska Hall Link.
A UNL student reported a theft of their bike from near east campus. Investigation continues.
A UNL student reported a belated assault which occurred in December 2014. The report was requested for documentation only at this time.
A UNL student reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle occurring at the Beadle south parking lot.
4 UNL students contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited/released to The Bridge (.140 BAC) for DWI, MIP-C, and Headlight Violation.  The 3 passengers were cited/released to a sober party for MIP-C (BACs .074, .104, and .147).
A UNL student was contacted for being extremely drunk.  Transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .152.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
Tiles damaged in a men's restroom. Unknown how the damage occurred.
A non UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and taken to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .323.
A fake driver's license was turned into UNLPD as found property. Owner has not yet been contacted.
A non-affiliate was contacted for flying a drone near Memorial Stadium on gameday.  The party's information was obtained and they were released.
UNL student cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .168)
UNL student was cited and released for MIP at the football game on 09-12-2015.
UNL Student cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .126)
UNL student was contact outside Memorial Stadium for being intoxicated, Student was cited and released for Obstructing a Peace Officer and MIP-C.
Two UNL students were contacted north of stadium and T Street, both were intoxicated. One had a BAC of .175 and the other .245 both cited and released.
A signed Suh picture was stolen from a merchandise kiosk outside Memorial Stadium.  Loss estimated at $400.00.
Three UNL students cited for MIP during the football game.
3 UNL students transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIP-C with BACs of .115 (puff), .168, and REF.
A 20 year old UNL student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .148.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
UNL Student cited/released for MIP-C/False Reporting (BAC .200)
UNL Student cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .200)
A student suffered a medical emergency. The student declined transport by LFR.
Non-UNL student contacted after operating a drone above the stadium during the football game.
A non-student was contacted outside Memorial Stadium for consuming alcohol. The party was found to be under the age of 21.  The male was cited/released for MIP (.101 BrAC).
2 non-UNL affiliates were placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with BACs of .192 and .230.
2 UNL students cited/released for MIP-C with BACs of .277, and REF.  One student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.
Check welfare of minor UNL student.  Placed into civil protective custody and transported to the Bridge after being transported (and discharged) to a local hospital by LFR.  BAC of .169 (partial sample).  No citations issued.
Check welfare of 2 students who were arguing.  No issues were discovered.  Both parties were transported home.
Lost/stolen iPhone.
Vehicle stopped at 24th and R Street for no plates or  paper. Driver found to have a warrant. Driver cited and released for No Operator's License, No Valid Registration , Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Possession of < 1 oz of Marijuana, and lodged for Criminal Impersonation.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was lodged in jail for DUS and cited for No Insurance and Failure to Signal a Lane Change.
A student was contacted for suspicious behavior.  The student was found to be intoxicated and transported to The Bridge after being placed in protective custody (.273 BrAC).
Non-student contacted for skateboarding on UNL property.
UNL student transported to Bryan West after passing out.
A handrail and bollard in the Dairy Store dock area were damage by unknown vehicle.
Non UNL affiliate stopped at 14th and Q Street, driver found to be revoked. Search of vehicle found marijuana and open container of alcohol. Driver Cited and released for DUR, Possession of < 1 oz of marijuans-2nd offense Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Open container.
UNL student cited and released for Criminal Mischief < $200, for breaking the gate arm at the 50/50 parking garage.
UNL student reports ongoing issues with an ex-boyfriend possibly involving him creating a fake facebook account for her and contacting her family about their past relationship.  Investigation ongoing.
UNL student found smoking marijuana in his vehicle while in an UNL parking garage.  A wooden pipe with marijuana residue and a small amount of marijuana was seized.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana <1 oz and Possession of Paraphernalia.
UNL student cited for vandalism for damaging camera lens in a elevator.
Non UNL affiliated reported that unknown person had used his credit number to make some purchases that were to be sent to Harper Hall. Victim want to make report for documentation purposes only as they had recovered all charges make on credit card.
UNL student fainted while at Anderson Hall, LFR on scene and transported to Bryan West for further treatment.
Two Porta Potties were blown over by the wind causing minor damage to an UNL staff members car.
Two non UNL affiliate minors were contacted for driving while improperly displaying the license plates.  A probable cause search revealed alcohol and marijuana in the vehicle.  The driver was found to be revoked and  was cited/released for MIP, Open Container, .02 Violation and DUR (.044 BAC).  The passenger was cited/released for MIP, Open Container, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia (.064 BAC).
A UNL student reported a lost wallet on R Street.  A search of the area and of UNLPD's property logs yielded negative results.
Fraudulent charges made with a debit card previously reported as lost or stolen.  Investigation continues.
UNL students were contacted on a traffic stop for a defective tail light.  A probable cause search yielded marijuana, paraphernalia and alcohol.  The driver was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Red Light on Rear of Vehicle.  A minor passenger was cited/released for MIP.
UNL student reported a non life threatening medical emergency.
UNL student reported a non life threatening medical emergency.
LFR and UNLPD responded to a medical call at the Law College. Party was transported to an area hospital.
UNL student reported the loss of her ID holder and miscellaneous cards.
UNL Human Resources requested assistance in a possible law violation with a procedural mater. Investigation is ongoing.
LFR and UNLPD responded to a fire alarm at Ruth Leverton Hall. Alarm caused by overheating elevator equipment. (no damage).
Former UNL student was victim of an internet scam. Incident documented and victim referred for further investigation.
Non UNL affiliated reported that unknown person(s) took his Nebraska black hooded sweatshirt from his seat at the Football Game on 9-12-2015. Tried to locate who had seats next to victim but tickets were sold to a ticket broker. Case inactive pending new information.
Two UNL students and one non UNL student were contacted for smoking marijuana in a vehicle in an UNL parking lot.  Marijuana and drug paraphernalia were located after a probable cause search.  The non UNL student claimed ownership and was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for defective tail lights.  Driver was found to be intoxicated (.177 BAC).  Cited/released for DWI > 1.5 and Operate a Motor Vehicle at Night Without Red Tail Light.
Non-student was cited/released for Receiving Stolen Property (license plates), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, No Proof of Ownership, No Valid Registration, Speeding (8 over) and No Operator's License on Person.
UNL student was contacted after arguing with her boyfriend.  A consent search of her backpack revealed multiple drug paraphernalia items and marijuana.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL student transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .144 (partial sample).  Cited/released for MIP-C.
UNL student reported the theft of his bicycle.
UNL student reported that another UNL student verbally  intimidated and assaulted them(3rd Degree). Victim does not with to pursue criminal charges at this time.
A non-UNL affiliate reported their wallet lost/stolen from an unknown location. The individual wanted UNLPD to document the loss.
A UNL student reported an attempted theft of their bicycle tire which caused damage to the inner tube. Case closed
A UNL student suffered a minor head injury due to a fall. LFR arrived on scene, however the student declined further treatment.
A UNL student fell victim to an online extortion scheme.  Total loss $100.
1 UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Improper Turn.  1 non-UNL affiliate cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  (5 g marijuana seized).
2 UNL students were contacted reference a narcotics violation.  1 student was cited/released for MIP, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  The other student was cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (3.5 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL student cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .179.  She was left in the care of a sober friend.
Four UNL students contacted for a loud party in a dorm room. All four were cited for MIP and released. (.093,.112,.121,.073 BACs)
UNL student arrested for breaking into a vacant residence.  Treated for injuries and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .209.  Cited/released for 1st Degree Trespassing, Criminal Mischief $200-$500, and Possession of False ID.
UNL student reported their bike taken from rack at Stadium Drive Parking Garage.
Vehicle stopped at N 22nd, and Vine Street for white light to rear. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
A non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS, and Violate Stop Sign.
UNL student cited for possession of marijuana < 1oz. and possession of paraphernalia after being contacted for smoking marijuana in his vehicle.
UNLPD/LFR responded to a fire alarm which was caused by burned food.
UNL student cited for littering on a city sidewalk.
3 UNL students (minors) contacted and found to be in possession of alcohol and drugs.  1 student cited/lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance.  1 student cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (.5 g), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  The final student was cited/released for MIP.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and left in the care of a sober party (BAC .159).
UNL student on Sarpy County Diversion came into UNLPD for a breath test. student tested a .023 and was cited and released for MIP-C.
UNL student reported their wallet and contents lost or stolen in the city of Lincoln.
Non UNL affiliate cited and released for Possession of Marijuana< oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. Was a passenger in a vehicle stopped for improper display of license plates.
A UNL student reports his sole (out of state) license plate stolen from his vehicle on campus.
2 students were contacted after was observed to be extremely intoxicated. 1 was cited/released for MIP (.077 BrAC). 1 was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.310 BrAC).
A student was contacted for suspicious behavior and found to be intoxicated.  He was transported to The Bridge (.224 BrAC).
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The male was cited/released to The Bridge for Unnecessary Noise from Motor Vehicle, DUS and DUI (.108 BrAC)>.
Medical was called for a student who was intoxicated.  The male, who was 21, refused transport and was left with a responsible party.
Vehicle stopped at Salt Creek Roadway west of state Fair Park Road, driver was found to have a warrant and was suspended. Driver cited and released for No Proof of Financial Responsibility. Cited and Lodged for DUS and the warrant.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop. He was cited/released for Possessing a False ID, Fictitious License Plates and No Insurance.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Insurance.
A student suffered a medical emergency and was transported to the hospital.
A student reports threatening and stalking behavior from a non-student. A safety plan has been created and the investigation is on going.
Disturbing message left with UNL Athletics.  Suspect was identified, contacted and informed to cease contact.
UNL student made disturbing statement to Professor.  Suspect interviewed and possible miscommunication occurred.
Two vehicle non-injury accident which occurred in the 19th and Vine Street garage.
UNL student report their bike taken from the bike racks by the College of Dentistry.
Vehicle stopped at State Fair Park Road and Cornhusker Highway for no plates or paper. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and No valid Registration.
Vehicle stopped at Saunders Avenue and Antelope Valley Parkway for no plates or paper. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility, and No valid Registration
A student was contacted on a traffic stop.  He was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Speeding.
UNL Faculty reported a belated burglary at the Larson Tractor Museum. Window and lock for donation box damaged no other loss notated.
Juvenile on a field trip suffered a medical issue, but was treated by LFR and returned to the trip.
UNL staff member collapsed in The Courtyards. Party was transported to hospital for further evaluation.
UNL student reported the theft of her bicycle from the racks located outside Neihardt.
A UNL student reported a disturbance involving another UNL student. The PR meet with a UNLPD Officer and ultimately was given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Virginia street. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUS and No Proof  of financial Responsibility.
Vehicle stopped for fictitious plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUS, Fictitious Plates, No Valid Registration and No Proof of Insurance.
A UNL student reported her wallet and keys lost/stolen from a UNL academic building, attempts to locate the missing items has been unsuccessful at this time.
3 students were contacted in a dorm room reference a narcotics complaint. all 3 were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
2 non-affiliates were contacted for suspicious behavior in a parking lot. 1 was cited and lodged for Possession of Stolen Property and Obstructing a Police Officer and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. 1 was cited and lodged on an outstanding warrant and Obstructing a Peace Officer. He was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Check welfare of a UNL student.  Nothing of serious concern discovered at this time.
UNL faculty reported a belated trespassing in a dorm by a UNL student that is not a resident. The trespasser also had inappropriate contact with a female student once in the dorm.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for sleeping and having odd behavior in a UNL academic building. Party issued trespass policy letter and escorted from building.
A UNL affiliate reported a theft of their bicycle from the bike racks located at the Eastside Suites. Investigation is ongoing.
A UNL staff member reported a belated theft occurring at the Wick Alumni Center. Investigation is ongoing.
Party tripped and fell at the College of dentistry, reporting pain in the upper rib area, right knee and a small bump on rear of head. LFR on scene and transported party to Bryan LGH East for further treatment.
UNL student reporting theft of bicycle and lock.  Total value loss estimated at $120.
A UNL student report their bicycle had been stolen from the bike racks south of Pound Hall. Investigation is ongoing.
Report of damage to a UNL student's parked vehicle.  Estimated damage of $125.
UNL student fell victim to an online extortion scheme.  $1018.00 wired to the Philippines.
A non-UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS/Improper Display of Plates.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. Cited/lodged for DUS due to history of DUS and FTAs.
UNL student reported an extortion occurring outside U.S. jurisdiction.
UNLPD Officers and LFR responded to a fire alarm near campus. The cause was due to burning food in a microwave.
UNL student cited for False ID and MIP (.335 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
A UNL student fell victim to an accidental injury and was transported by LFR to a local hospital for non-life threatening injuries.
Investigation into reckless driving and stolen license plate.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and subsequently arrested for DWI > .15, and Speeding (6-10).  Cited/released to The Bridge with a BAC of .184.
A non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited/released for DUS/Speeding (16-20).
Check welfare of a non-UNL affiliate.  Transported to a local hospital for mental health evaluation.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and subsequently arrested for DWI > .15, Refuse Preliminary Test, and Speeding (6-10).  Cited/released to The Bridge with a BAC of .179.
A non-UNL affiliate passed out on the steps of the UNL Police Dept.  Taken to The Bridge with a BAC of .191.
Graffiti discovered upon UNL property.  No suspects at this time.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for DUR and No proof of financial responsibility.
LFR and UNLPD responded to a fire alarm.  Burned popcorn was determined to be the cause.  No damage discovered.
2 non-UNL affiliates contacted during a disturbance.  1 male taken to The Bridge (.165 BAC), and 1 male taken to Jail ref. active warrants.
3 minor UNL students and 1 juvenile non-UNL affiliate cited/released for MIP (BACs: .191, .180, .075, and .029).
An 18 year old UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .227.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS on a traffic stop.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and left in the care of a sober buddy.  (BAC of .145).
UNL parking attendant reported a belated hit and run after a vehicle she attempted to stop kept driving and caused her hand to be struck by the vehicle's mirror.
UNLPD officer contacted an intoxicated male near memorial Stadium. The intoxicated male was with his juvenile child and unable to care for himself or the child. He was ultimately taken to the Bridge due to his intoxication and cited/released for Negligent Child abuse. The juvenile was turned over to the care of their grandfather.
A soccer ball inadvertently struck a pull station fire alarm located at the Ice Box hockey rink.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted inside of Memorial Stadium due to intoxication and subsequently cited/released for MIP-C and possession of marijuana less than an ounce. Party was transported to the bridge.
A UNLPD Officer contacted a UNL student in the BNSF rail yard due to intoxication. The UNL student, a minor, was ultimately cited/released to the Bridge for MIP-C and Trespassing.
A non-UNL affiliate fell while leaving the football game near the Lied Center. The individual suffered minor injuries to their face, head and knee. LFR transported the individual to the local hospital for further treatment.
Non UNL affiliate reported hit and run accident occurring in the 14th and Avery Garage. A review of all cameras in the area turned up negative results.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .202.
Two parties contacted (one UNL student and one non UNL affiliate) after suspicion of smoking marijuana.  UNL student was found to be intoxicated (.133 BAC) and under 21 years of age.  Cited for MIP-C and released to a sober party.
1 UNL student and 1 non-UNL affiliate were contacted and cited/released for MIP (BACs: .063, and .073).
UNL student contacted and was found too intoxicated to care for himself.  The student was placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge. (.260 BAC)
Non UNL affiliate contacted due to her level of intoxication.  She was subsequently placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge.  (.239 BAC)
2 UNL students were contacted as passengers on a traffic stop and cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .021, and .089).
A UNL student was contacted on a check welfare for being intoxicated.  Turned over to a sober party.
UNL student contacted due to his level of intoxication.  Party was ultimately placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge. (.244 BAC)
Vehicle damaged outside of the Van Brunt Center from a hit and run.  Damage estimated to be approx. $2,500.
A 16 year old non-UNL affiliate was taken to The Bridge with a BAC of .205.  Referred to the County Attorney for MIP-C, and MIP-T.
A 15 year old non-UNL affiliate was taken to The Bridge (BAC: .151) and cited/referred for Resisting Arrest, Failure to Comply, MIP-C, and Urinating in Public.
UNL student reported that an unknown male touched her buttock without permission. Investigation continuing.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Saunders Avenue for unreadable in-transits. Driver found to be suspend, driver cited for DUS and No Valid Registration and released.
Contact of persons flying drones (unmanned aircraft) in the restricted area of an airport. Report forwarded to FAA
Report of a vandalism to the card reader inside the north elevator.  Investigation continues.
UNL graduate student transported to Bryan West after injuring his knee on the climbing wall.
Vehicle stopped at 705 New Hampshire, driver found to be suspend and had a warrant. Driver cited and released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility and lodged on warrant.
Non UNL affiliate stopped at N 18th and O Street for no head or tail light after dark. Driver found to be revoked. Driver cited and released for DUR-Points.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Saunders Avenue for fictitious plates, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, No proof of financial Responsibility, Fictitious Plates and no Valid Registration.
Faint natural gas odor from an unknown cause.  LFR reading was found to be in normal range (1%).
A window was found damaged.  Unknown cause at this time.  Investigation continues.
ON-going issues between roommates. Housing has been notified and is attempting to mediate.
A student's personal email was used by another student without permission to send a derogatory email.  The student responsible was cited/released for Computer Access W/O Authorization.
UNL student reports the theft of her Fuji Traverse bicycle from the bike racks located on the east side of The Village South.
Non UNL affiliate reported losing their military ID near Campus in the area of 12th and Q Street. ID has been cancelled.
UNL student accidently struck and broke a parking garage entrance arm.  Total damage was $3.00.  Incident not being pursued as a criminal matter.
UNL Staff member reported that a UNL student reported to him about being assaulted in the Beadle lot. Victim does not wish to talk to UNLPD at this time.
Report of a bicycle theft.  Private security cameras captured the theft along with images of the PR.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated.  Cited/released to The Bridge for DWI > .15 (.215 BAC), Failure to Comply, and Speeding (6-10).
UNL student reports a hit and run to his vehicle.  Damage estimated at approx. $200.00.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Violate Traffic Signal.
A UNL student cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (.135 BAC), and No Headlights at Night.  The passenger (UNL student) was placed into civil protective custody and taken to The Bridge (.151 BAC).
Two UNL students were contacted for being intoxicated and unable to care for themselves.  One was found to be a minor and had a fake ID in his possession.  He was cited for MIP and Possession of Fake ID (.255 BAC) and released to The Bridge.  The other was found to be 21 and released to The Bridge (.264 BAC).
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for violating a traffic control device/sign and subsequently cited/released for DUS, Disobeying a Traffic Control Device/Sign and No Valid Registration.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
One (UNL owned) vehicle accident in an UNL parking lot causing damaging a trash drum.  Estimated damage to vehicle is $50.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .211.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .204.
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to The Bridge (.244 BAC).
Non UNL affiliate contacted for sleeping in the stairwell of the 50/50 Building.  Party was found to be ban and barred from UNL.  Cited/released for 1st Degree Trespassing.
A vehicle with 2 occupants fled from an attempted traffic stop by an Officer. The vehicle, unoccupied, was later located. The investigation continues.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS, No Insurance and No Headlights at Night.
Varying reports of a possible assault occurring without a victim.  Alcohol determined to be a factor.  Follow-up to be conducted.
A student suffered a medical emergency due to intoxication.  The student was initially transported to the hospital, medically cleared then taken to The Bridge (BrAC .116).
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .197.
A student was transported to the hospital due to a high level of intoxication. The student's condition is not believed to be life threatening.
A student was contacted passed out in a residence hallway. The student was cited/released for MIPC (.140 BrAC) and released to a responsible person.
4 students were contacted in a dorm room on a narcotics complaint. 1 student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
2 juveniles were contacted for trespassing on UNL Property. Both were issued Trespass Policy Letters and released to a parent.
Officers were contacted in reference to a disturbance where a male student was attempting to make contact with a female student, which was unwanted. Officers made contact with the male and advised him to no longer have contact with the female.
A fire alarm was activated due to burnt food on the stove.  No damage.
Damage to the gate arm located at the north exit (R St) on the lower level caused by a black 4 door sedan driven by an unidentified male.
UNL Police investigating possible law violating, investigation continues.
Report of suspicious person.
Report from outside agency of a scam involving the family of a UNL student.
Vehicle stopped at 14th and R street for failure to yield, Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, Failure to Yield and No Valid Registration and released.
An UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop.  A probable cause searched yielded drug paraphernalia.  Cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Two vehicle non-injury occurring in the parking lot north of Memorial stadium.
Vehicle entering Stadium Parking Garage drove over a sign post. Spring of post was damaged.
UNL vehicle struck a UNL building.
UNL student reports her parked Chevy Cobalt was struck while parked on the east side of the Chi Omega sorority.
UNL student reported receiving disturbing text messages.
UNL student receiving unwanted text messages.
2 non-affiliates were contacted reference a disturbance. 1 party was found to be intoxicated and was turned over to the sober party.
Two vehicle non-injury accident occurring in the 19th and Vine parking garage.
UNL student reported unknown person(s) took their cell phone. This occurred in Henzlik Hall.
Staff member reports belated damage to a picture label. Investigation continues.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was arrested on an outstanding warrant. The driver was lodged for the Warrant and DUS and cited/released for Speeding.
2 students were contacted in a dorm room reference a narcotics complaint. 1 student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
An iPad was stolen from outside of the National Agroforestry Center.
A non-UNL affiliate was found to be driving under the influence of drugs.  Cited/released for DUI-D, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, Open Alcohol Container, and No Valid Registration.
A non-UNL affiliate was stopped on a traffic stop and found to be suspended.  Cited/released for DUS.
Unidentified PR stole a bicycle from city campus.  Bicycle was recovered.  PR was able to elude police.  Owner of bicycle unknown at this time.
Two UNL Student Athletes reported items missing from an away athletic event. Information provided to victims to contact proper jurisdiction and OPS report done.
Two non UNL affiliated males were contacted in the City Union after receiving information they were the males who had shoplifted from the computer store. Investigation continuing.
UNL student reported a bicycle theft, but the bike in question had already been recovered by UNLPD.
Report of a hostage situation near Memorial Stadium in a motorhome. Motorhome was located at NW 12 and West Bond. It was found that no hostage situation existed.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .196.
Damage to a UNL staff member's vehicle from a bike which had fallen.
UNL student reported the theft of his bicycle.
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted in reference to an LPD broadcasts. Weiler was ultimately cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce and Possession of drug paraphernalia. Thompson was cited and released for carrying a concealed weapon.
Report of an ill person possibly alcohol related.  Transported to a local hospital by LFR.  No BAC.
Hit and Run occurred to a UNL parking garage entrance arm.  Damage initially assessed at approx. $5.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to a sober party for DWI > .15, No Operators License, and Taillight Violation (BAC: .192).
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .228.
3 UNL students cited/released for MIP-C with BACs of .187, .082, and REF.  One student placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.
An 18 year old UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .155 on a partial sample.  No citation issued.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .155.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for felony DWI 3rd Off. w/Refusal.  Cited/released for DUS, Refuse Prelim. Test, Negligent Driving, and Speeding (6-10).
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and transported to The Bridge and cited for DWI > .15 (BAC: .155), Refuse Preliminary Test, and Speeding.
Damage and possible theft of bollards near One Memorial Stadium.  Damage/loss unknown at this time.  Investigation continues.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .285.
Two UNL students and one non UNL affiliate were contacted by Gate 12 Memorial Stadium. All three were underage and admitted to drink alcohol in Lincoln. The two UNL students were cited for MIP-C and released. The other cited for MIP-C and Prohibited Acts, and released.
Two UNL students were contacted in the UNL processing center and admitted to drinking alcohol in Lincoln. Both were cited for MIP-C and released.
A student was contacted due to a high level of intoxication. Placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge. Cited/released for MIP and False Reporting (.349 BrAC).
A non-UNL affiliate was arrested at The Champions Club for possession of suspected crack-cocaine (1.5 g).  Cited/Lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance.  Cited/Released for Possession of Marijuana (1.0 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-student cited/released for MIP (089 BAC) and Minor Misrepresenting Age.
Medical emergency involving alcohol.  A UNL student was treated on scene for a  non-life threatening condition and released into the care of a parent.  No citations.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .251.
1 non-affiliate was placed in protective custody due to intoxication. He was transported to The Bridge (.154 BrAC)
A non-UNL affiliate subject to non-life threatening facial injuries.  Conflicting statements received regarding injuries.  Alcohol was a factor.  Investigation continues.
Non-student cited/released for aggravated DUI (.201 BAC), minor in possession, and possession of false ID's after being found passed out in a vehicle with the engine running.
Brick thrown through a window causing $200 in damage.
Damage ($25) to a parking garage gate.
University Bookstore reported possible shoplift by an unknown student. Investigation continues.
A student injured themselves while playing a sport. They were transported to the hospital by LFR.
Window pane was damaged.
UNL student reported their bike taken from the racks by the Devaney Sports Center.
Report of belated disturbance on campus.  Investigation ongoing.
A non-student was contacted for causing a disturbance. He was issued a trespass policy letter and escorted from the property.
Three UNL students contacted on a traffic stop. One was cited for possession of marijuana < 1oz. and paraphernalia, and the driver cited for traffic offenses.
A UNL staff member reported a belated disturbance occurring at Memorial Stadium. Investigation is ongoing.
UNL student reporting a hit and run accident in a UNL parking garage.
A UNL staff member reported two email accounts of theirs to be compromised.  The staff member is receiving assistance to regain control of their accounts. Case investigation is ongoing.
UNL student reported their vehicle window to be broken. Window was damaged but no entry could be gained.  UNL employees from Landscape services were working in the area at the time of damage.
Report of non-student contacting professor during class.
A UNL affiliate reported damage to a vehicle near the school of Dentistry on East Campus. The right front passenger window had been broken no items were taken from the car and this case has been closed.
A student reports the theft of their unsecured bicycle. Loss estimated at $100.00.
A student reports the theft of her bicycle. Loss is estimated at $20.00.
3 parties were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver provided a false name and then fled from the stop.  A broadcast has been issued for the driver.
A UNL student reported a belated hit and run to their vehicle which occurred in the HSS parking lot. Investigation is ongoing.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP (BAC: .081).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, and Speeding (6-10).
Belated vandalism occurring to a cement retaining wall.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the 19th and Vine lot.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the 14th and Avery parking garage. Possible suspect, investigation on going.
A non-UNL affiliate (transient) was cited/lodged  for Theft < $200 after stealing a cell phone on city campus.
A UNL student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (0.5 g).
A UNL student was contacted as a passenger on a traffic stop and cited/released for MIP-C (BAC: .080).
A University of Nebraska-Lincoln Resident Assistant reported a sign on a wall that had an unknown meaning.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the parking lot north of UNL Housing.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the Stadium Drive Parking Garage.
UNL staff member reported that they had lost several items in the area of Abel Hall.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Speeding (11-15).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .352.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. He was cited/released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. He was cited/released for DUS and No Insurance.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited/released for DUS.
Fire alarm caused by cooking food.  No damage.
Two non UNL affiliates were contacted in a traffic stop and were found to be in possession of marijuana and paraphernalia. Driver was cited for DUS and possession of paraphernalia and both occupants were cited for possession of marijuana < 1 oz. (18.4 g).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DWI, No Headlights at Night, and Negligent Driving (BAC: .124).
Belated vandalism to an elevator door at Sandoz Residence Hall.
Plumbers were replacing water valves and accidentally set off the fire alarm.
2 students were contacted in their dorm room on a narcotics complaint. A consent search revealed narcotics and items used in the sales of narcotics. Both students were cited and lodged in jail for Possession of a Controlled Substance w/Intent to Deliver.
A student and non-student were contacted in a dorm on a trespassing situation. The student was cited/released for MIPC (.181 BrAC).
Belated vandalism to the north main entrance staircase of University Suites (concrete wall).
U.S. Postal Inspectors are handling a case involving possible mail fraud.
Report of belated disturbance in class.  Situation resolved through DOS office.
An individual was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Speeding, Possession of Marijuana Less Than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A UNL student was contacted at his dorm room and ultimately cited for MIP and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Bicycle stolen from the bike racks on the north side of Burr Hall.
A non-UNL affiliate caused a disturbance at Bessey Hall. Investigation is ongoing.
A UNL staff member reported a belated theft from their office. The staff member wanted the incident documented as they are concerned for their safety.
A UNL student reported a theft of their bicycle from east campus near the Union. Investigation is ongoing.
Two UNL students were contacted at their dorm room by UNLPD Officers in reference to a narcotics complaint. The contact resulted in one student being cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance. The other student was cited/released for MIP.
A UNL Police employee suffered a minor injury while training.
Non UNL affiliate was contacted and found to be too intoxicated to care for himself (.183 on a puff).  Party was transported to The Bridge.
A UNL student was contacted in regards to being intoxicated at the Knolls Residence Hall. The student was transported to the Bridge, however due to their intoxication level ultimately taken to Bryan West Hospital for further care.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop.  Probable cause search of the vehicle yielded a baggie of marijuana (7.5 grams).  Driver was cited/released for No Headlights After Dark and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
Non UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop for speeding and found to be driving under suspension and without proof of insurance.  Party was cited/released for No Proof of Financial Responsibility and Speeding and cited/lodged for DUS.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (0.7 g), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and MIP.
UNL staff member reported damage to freshly laid turf grass located near Greenhouse 2 in an opened field. Case is under investigation.
Two UNL students reported a non-injury accident in a UNL parking lot.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and provided false information to the Officer. The individual was cited/lodged for Criminal Impersonation and two active warrants and cited/released for DUS and CCW.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and No Front Plate.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and lodged at Corrections for an active arrest warrant.
3 children were taken home and issued trespass policy letters for attempting to steal bikes.
A UNL student was cited/released for Disturbing the Peace after shining a laser into the eyes of a passerby.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .251.
UNL student cited/released for MIP (.251 BAC).
Unknown person took pizza from a concession stand during the Northwestern football game.
Two UNL students were contacted by UNLPD due to intoxication just north of Memorial Stadium. The two students were cited/released for MIP and transported to the Bridge for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate sustained a laceration to their forehead caused by a fall. The victim was treated by LFR and transported to a local area hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
A UNL student was contacted after he was identified as the party responsible for breaking a window at Phi Kappa Phi. The PR was cited for Destruction of Property/ MIP and released to the care of his father.
Vehicle stopped at near 21st and O Street for no plates or papers. Passenger was found to be owner of vehicle and had an open container of alcohol. Passenger cited for both and released.
Check welfare of a non-UNL affiliate who was determined to be in custody in an out of county jail.
Unwarranted deployment of a fire extinguisher which caused the fire alarm to activate.  Investigation continues.
A UNL student suffered a non-life threatening medical condition where alcohol was a factor.  Victim was transported to a local hospital.  No citations issues.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .037.
UNL student was cited/released for minor in possession, possession of marijuana <1oz. and possession of drug paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .200.
Hit and run on a UNL owned street.
Non UNL affiliated located a gun in the grass near the 38th Street bridge on East Campus. Gun collected, was no stolen. Placed into property to be destroyed.
UNL student  reported that they had been the victim of a catphishing scam for a large amount of money. Case is inactive pending new information
UNL affiliate reported a stolen license plate from his motorcycle.
Non-student cited/released for DUS and a Red Light Violation.
UNL student reported hubcaps were taken from their vehicle while parked on East Campus in a lot North of the Activities Building.
A student was contacted in their room reference a narcotics complaint.  The student admitted to using narcotics, but there was none remaining. A consent search revealed no contraband.
UNL staff member reports the theft of items from her purse. Credit card later used in the city.
A UNL staff member reported her credit card was being used without her authorization. Investigation continues.
Vehicle stopped at 13th and Court Street for broken rear tail light. Driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Cited and lodged for DUS and Warrant.
A UNL student reported a belated hit and run to their vehicle. The victim was unsure about where or when this occurred. UNLPD Officer was unable to locate the hit and run on camera where the victim was believed to have parked.
6 UNL students were cited/released for MIP.  One student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .183.
Two vehicle non-injury accident occurring in the 50/50 garage.
A UNL student was contacted reference a narcotics violation.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (4.2 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Vehicle stopped at 10th and T Street for speeding. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for Speeding 6-10 over, No Proof of financial Responsibility and DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately found to be impaired.  Cited/released to The Bridge for DWI, and Speeding (BAC: .094).
UNL student reported the theft of his secured bike from the bike racks located on the west side of the Nebraska Union.
A Non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be driving while impaired.  Cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (BAC: .177), MIP, Open Container, No Operators License, and Speeding.  A UNL student passenger was cited/released for MIP.
A non-student was contacted for being in a building after hours. They were given a Trespass Policy Letter and released.
A UNL student was contacted reference a narcotics violation.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (5.2 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
4 students were contacted due to one student being carried by the others. 3 students were found to have been drinking and under the age of 21. 2 cited released for MIPC and one placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.269, .011 and .059 BrAC's).
A UNL employee operating a UNL vehicle was involved in a minor collision with a parked vehicle on private property.  No injuries were sustained.  Damage to both vehicle estimated at $300 each.
Non UNL student, posted on a UNL student's Facebook page a disturbing message. PR stated the post was made as a joke.
A student reports striking another vehicle with her car. Damage was superficial with no permanent damage.
A non-affiliate was contacted in the Police Lobby. The male was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.286 BrAC).
A non-affiliate was contacted due to intoxication and sleeping on the ground. The male was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.120 BrAC).
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited and released for Driving Under Revocation.
3 students were contacted on a check welfare due to alcohol consumption. All 3 were cited for MIPC. 2 were released and one was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.060, .071 and one refused BrAC's).
A minor UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .269.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
2 students were contacted due to their high level of intoxication. Both were under the age of 21. They were placed in protective custody, cited for MIP and transported to The Bridge (.189 and .165 BrAC's).
A student was contacted due to a high level of alcohol consumption. The student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge. They were then cited for MIPC (.179 BrAC).
UNL student reported disturbing behavior at two different locations, on and near campus.
A UNL student reports the disappearance of her iphone 6s in the city of Lincoln.  Total loss valued at $600.
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
UNL Officers responded to the report of a robbery near east campus. It was determined it occurred off campus and was turned over to LPD.
A student suffered a medical emergency due to an off-campus assault. The male was transported to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries. The assault case was turned over to LPD.
A student reports being assaulted by a uknown party obtaining a minor injury. The student does not wish to pursue the matter at this time. Follow up is being conducted.
3 students and 2 non-affiliates were contacted in a vehicle reported stolen out of Omaha. Further investigation revealed the vehicle was reported stolen due to a civil matter. All parties were released without incident. The vehicle was towed from the scene.
4 students were contacted on a narcotics complaint. 1 student was cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  1 other student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.141 BrAC).
A non-affiliate was transported to the hospital due to a high level of intoxication.
Non-student contacted and taken to The Bridge (.231 BAC).
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  One party was lodged in jail on an outstanding warrant. The other was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop. A probable cause search of the vehicle revealed a small amount of marijuana. The student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, No License on Person and Fail to Signal.
UNL Student reported their bike was stolen from the bike racks located on the southeast corner of the 50/50 Building.
Report of possible fraudulent charges on UNL charge card.
Non UNL affiliate stopped at 10th and Q Street for driving on revoked license. Party cited and released for DUR.
Vehicle stopped at AVP and Vine for no plates or papers displayed. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited for DUS and failure to signal and lodged in jail on an outstanding warrant.
A non-affiliate lit a fire next to a construction roll-off causing approximately $150.00 in damage. The non-affiliate was cited and lodged for 3rd Degree Arson.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for starting two separate fires in the stadium parking garage. Party was cited and lodged for second degree Arson. Damage was approx. $150
Report of a belated sexual assault occurring in the fall of 2014.
Report of belated disturbance at the City Union.
3 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/lodged for 2 counts of Possession of a Controlled Substance and cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. the other 2 occupants were released.
Landscape services reported damage to grassy area on east campus. Officer was able to locate video of the vehicle and it is unintentional.
UNL Staff member reported her personal Wal-Mart account was compromised.
Report of a disturbing post placed on Sheldon Museum's Facebook profile.
UNL staff member received injury when picture frame fell off of wall and struck them. LFR on scene and transported to St Elizabeth Hospital for further treatment.
Found property revealed a fake ID. The investigation is on going.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP during the course of a narcotics investigation.
A UNL staff member reported a belated disturbance involving a student. The case was found to be non-criminal and closed.
UNL student was transported to Bryan/LGH West after falling from her bed.
UNLPD assisted an outside law enforcement agency in regards to fraud investigation.
UNL student reported they wallet taken while at the Rec. Center.
A UNL student reported losing his belongings in the Nebraska Hall Engineering Library. Investigation is ongoing.
A non-UNL affiliate rolled his ankle while playing basketball at the Campus Rec Center. The victim was transported to a local hospital for further care.
A UNL student reports a vehicle honking and yelling at him while driving towards city campus.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS due to history, prior FTAs, and transient status.  Also cited/released for Speeding (11-15).
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .296.
A UNL student fell victim to a 'catphishing' scam through a Chinese social media app.  Total loss $100.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections for DUS due to history/FTAs.  Driver was also cited/released for No Proof of Insurance, Open Container, and Speeding (6-10).  A non-UNL affiliated passenger was lodged at Corrections for active warrants, and cited/released for False Statements.
2 non-affiliates were contacted due to a high level of intoxication. Both were cited and released to The Bridge for MIPC (.284 and .237 BrAC's).
A UNL student reports the theft of his game console, accessories, and games.  Total loss valued at $860.  Investigation continues.
Non-student lodged in jail for Disturbing the Peace during the football game.
A wallet and contents were lost at Memorial Stadium. Loss is estimated at $20.00.
A UNL student reports being assaulted by another UNL student.  Injuries sustained were minor.  Victim does not wish to proceed criminally at this time.   Investigation continues.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .209.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DWI (BAC: .091), and cited/released for No Proof of Insurance, and Speeding (11-15).
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody due to a high level of intoxication.  Transported to The Bridge (No BAC).  No citation issued.
A student suffered a medical emergency. Transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening condition.
Farm House Fraternity report items taken from their parking lot. I were taken by an out of state Fraternity. All items will be returned to Farm House Fraternity.
Report of two vehicle damaged in the are 3 parking lot by the Housing offices. Investigation continues.
A student caused a disturbance with another disturbance due to a break in their relationship. The investigation is on-going.
UNL student checked out a laptop from the City Union on 08-24-2015, as of this time laptop has not been returned.
Unknown person(s) glued a googly eye to the sculpture Sandy Defined in Space. No suspects at this time.
UNL student cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession Drug Paraphernalia, this occurred in the Eastside Suites.
A Staff member suffered a medical emergency. They were transported to the hospital and later released with minor injuries.
2 students were contacted on the reported smell of burnt marijuana from a room. 1 student was cited/released for possession of marijuana < 1 oz and possession of drug paraphernalia. 1 student was cited/released for possession of legend drugs.
A student reports being extorted for money or photos of the student naked would be circulated. The investigation is ongoing.
Two UNL students cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Staff members received concerning email.
Pavement on a bridge damaged by unknown means.
Theft of soap from a restroom.
Non-student transported to Bryan East in reference to having a stroke.
UNL student cited/released for possession of marijuana less than an ounce and possession of drug paraphernalia.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. During the stop a loaded handgun was discovered on the driver. The driver is prohibited from possessing a firearm per Lincoln Ordinance. He was cited and released for Possession of a Firearm by a Prohibited Person and No Valid Registration.
2 UNL students involved in civil disturbance via Twitter.
A student was contacted on a narcotics complaint. The student handed over 1.1 grams of marijuana and paraphernalia. He was cited and released for these offenses.
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
UNL staff reported a vandalism to a leather bench in a women's restroom of Nebraska Hall. Unknown time of occurrence and approx. $50 damage.
Report of belated graffiti on a partition wall inside a men's restroom.
UNL student upset with a student group that is on campus.
A UNL staff member reported that a "Bone Yard" flag was stolen from the sidelines after the game against MSU. Upon receiving information the flag was ultimately found/returned to athletics.
2 UNL student were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (4.8 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Two UNL students reported harassing social media posts had been made about them. All parties agreed to stop posting.
Staff member's e-mail may have been hacked, and two fraudulent money transfers were make to two different overseas banks for items never ordered.
A minor UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .165.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
A non-UNL affiliate was issued a UNL trespass policy notice.
Non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for speeding. Driver was found to be intoxicated and cited/lodged for DUI 3rd w/refusal, cited released for refuse PBT, speeding, and no insurance.
2 UNL students were placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with BACs of .166, and .196.  Both students were cited/released for MIP-C.  One student was additionally cited for Possession of a False Identification.
UNL staff reported vandalism to a ping pong table, but it was discovered to be caused by a person playing ping pong and not intentional.
A UNL student reported that they lost their wallet. Attempts to locate the wallet have been unsuccessful.
Check welfare of an emotionally disturbed non-UNL affiliate.
A UNL student was cited/released for Leaving the Scene of an Accident and Unsafe Backing.
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted in a parked car and one was ultimately cited/released for possession of marijuana less than an ounce/possession of drug paraphernalia.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (9.0 g).
A minor UNL student was treated for alcohol poisoning and transported to a local hospital.  The condition of the student was later determined to be not life threatening.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .222.
A minor UNL student was cited/released to a sober friend for MIP-C.  (BAC: 0.10).
UNL student report the theft of their Iphone 5 from Abel Hall dinning area.
Driver stopped for speeding. Smell of marijuana coming from vehicle. A search of vehicle found paraphernalia in vehicle. Driver cited for possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
2 students were contacted on an a check welfare call. Both were placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge. They were cited/released for MIPC (.134 and .102 BrAC's).
7 students were contacted on a narcotics complaint. 6 were cited and released for MIP (refused PBTs). 1 was referred due to being a juvenile.
A UNL student reports being sexually assaulted.  Investigation continues.
Vehicle stopped for speeding between Salt Creek Roadway and 14th Street. Driver found to have been drinking, tested a .140 BAC. Driver cited for Speeding 6-10 over and Driving While Intoxicated and released to sober person.
Contacted a non-affiliate in stairway of Hewit Place Q Street Galleries. The party had been drinking and unable to care for himself. Taken to the Bridge where h tested .192 BAC and turned over to the Bridge.
UNL Student hit a wall with their hand causing an injury. LFR on scene and transported to Bryan West hospital for further treatment.
UNL student report vandalized to their vehicle while parked in the 19th and S Street parking lot.
A student was contacted on a narcotics complaint. The student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
3 students were contacted in a suspicious vehicle. A probable cause search resulted in 1 student being cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Officers were dispatched to a belated trespassing in the construction area north of Knoll Suites.
Non UNL affiliate contacted UNL police and said that they had sent a watch to a UNL student in exchange for a pair of Nike shoes. Victim did not received shoes. Suspect was contacted and watch recovered and will be shipped to victim.
Hit and Run accident in the Burr Hall lot on East Campus. No injuries.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS and No Headlights at Night.
2 students were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was lodged in jail for 3rd Offense Aggravated DUI (.323 BrAC).
3 students were contacted on a narcotics call.  All 3 were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
1 student was contacted in a red tagged fraternity after a nature unknown call was dispatched. The student was found to be intoxicated and was placed in protective custody. He was cited and released to The Bridge for Trespassing and MIPC (.245 BrAC).
A UNL student reported a hit/run to their vehicle while parked at the 50/50 building. Investigation continues.
A UNL staff member reported multiple computers/equipment being stolen from Henzlik Hall. Investigation ongoing
Four UNL minor students and one non UNL affiliate were contacted after smoking marijuana in a vehicle.  Alcohol, marijuana (< oz.) and paraphernalia were all located in/or next to the vehicle.  One party was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < oz., two parties were cited/released for Minor in Possession and Possession of Marijuana < oz. and two parties were cited/released for Minor in Possession, Possession of Marijuana < oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted for sleeping in the lobby of a garage on campus. Served Trespass Policy Letter and transported to The Mission.
A UNL staff member reported a theft of their gym clothes from a room located at Henzlik Hall. Investigation ongoing.
A UNL student arrived at UNLPD to claim his found wallet and discovered $40.00 dollars missing. Investigation continues.
A UNL staff member reported an attempted wire fraud from a non-UNL email, however there was no monetary loss and the investigation is ongoing.
UNL student cited/released for MIP, Possession of Paraphernalia, and Possession of Marijuana <1oz. He was also cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance.
A UNL student was cited/released for 1st offense-Handicap Parking Violation.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Laptop stolen out of Boston, MA, may have logged onto a UNL IP address.
UNLPD received a report of a belated disturbance involving an employee of Abel/Sandoz dining services who walked away from their job. Investigation continues.
A UNL staff member reported four deer carcasses being dumped in the area of Prairie Pines. No suspects at this time.
A UNL student reported their bicycle was stolen from the bike racks located at the Eastside Suites. Investigation continues.
Report of a theft on an unsecured skateboard.  Investigation continues.  Total loss valued at $30.00
8 UNL students were cited/released for Trespassing, Possession of Marijuana < 1 ounce (9.4 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  One party was additionally cited for Possession of a False ID.
A 21 year old UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .200.
A UNL student reported losing their purse on East Campus. Attempts to locate the purse were unsuccessful.
UNL student reported his Apple MacBook stolen from a commons area of Avery Hall.
A non-UNL affiliate identified as Claire Mason fled from a traffic stop after being initially contacted by Officer. Cite/lodge broadcast initiated for Mason for felony flee to avoid and obstructing a police officer. Cite/release for willful reckless, open container and no proof of financial responsibility.
4 UNL students were contacted in a dorm room for a possible alcohol violation. Alcohol was located in the room and all parties were under 21. All parties cited for MIP and released.
A minor UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .221.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for DUS and No Valid Registration.
2 non-affiliates were contacted off campus reference an active warrant. The party with the warrant was arrest and lodged. He was also cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted due to a high level of intoxication. The student was transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening condition.
3 students were contacted on an alcohol complaint. 2 students were cited/released for MIPC (.115 and .137 BrAC's). 1 student was cited/released for MIPC (.020 BrAC), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted due to excessive intoxication. The student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge where he was cited/released for MIPC (.219 BrAC).
2 students were contacted on a check welfare. Both were cited/released for MIPC (refused PBT).
A non-affiliate was contacted in a suspicious vehicle. The occupant was found to be intoxicated, placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.199 BrAC).
Lost wallet and contents.
UNL student reported being harassed by another UNL student.
Two people (non-UNL affiliated) were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
A student reports losing a key to a UNL owned building in the last 6 months.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Insurance.
2 affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. Both occupants were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
UNL student reported that her ex-boyfriend made threats to her and her friends.
2 students were contacted for trespassing. 1 student was cited/released for Trespassing and MIPC (.170 BrAC). 1 student was cited/released Trespassing, Possession of a False ID and MIPC (.189 BrAC).
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for Trespassing. He was previously banned from UNL property.
UNL student reported the loss of their backpack with laptop and other items from their room in Sigma Phi Epsilson.
Vehicle hit by a riding lawnmower near Harding hall.
Vehicle stopped for no front plate at19th and Vine Street, smell of marihuana came from vehicle. Search revealed drug paraphernalia. Driver cited for Possession of drug Paraphernalia.
Hit and run accident to a non-affiliates vehicle. Damage estimated at $500.00.
Officers responded to a call about an unknown person making suicidal statements on Yik Yak. The surrounding area was checked and no person was located.
4 students were contacted on a weapons violation. 2 students were cited/released for Discharging a Firearm w/In City Limits (airsoft).
A student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL professor receiving concerning emails from a student.
Non-UNL affiliate cited and released for carrying concealed weapons.
UNL staff member reported personal money missing from his office.
H.S.S. food service manger report an unknown male tries to enter the area without paying or showing a N card to obtain food. Investigation on going.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
Non UNL affiliate contacted in the first floor bathroom at Andersen Hall, person was given a Trespass Policy Letter and released.
Report of a policy violation.
Non UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS, Violate Stop Sign and White Light to Rear.
Non UNL affiliated cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
Non UNL affiliate cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (.137 BAC), Possession of Legend Drug and Defective Tail Light.
Male student forced female to engage in sexual intercourse.
UNL student's vehicle caught fire after being parked in a UNL lot. Car was a total loss, but no other damage.
A report of a possible law violation occurring off campus. Investigation continues.
A separate investigation revealed persons under the legal age were provided alcohol at a house party in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding (11-15 over).
Non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and lodged for warrants.
UNL student cited/released for Carry Concealed Weapon (knife), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Defective Tail Light.
On call employee cited and released after UNL Athletics property of minimal dollar value was found in his possession.
Non-affiliate cited/released to The Bridge for child abuse after falling on his son while heavily intoxicated (.282 BrAC).
Non-UNL student contacted for intoxication and placed into protective custody and taken to The Bridge.
One non-affiliate assaulted another causing discomfort at Memorial Stadium. Cited and released for 3rd Degree Assault.
Officer discovered contents in a UNL dumpster on fire. Fire was extinguished by officer and LFR, with no damage to dumpster. LFR stated cause was discarded charcoal.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .305.
3 non-affiliates contacted on a traffic stop. Driver cited/released to The Bridge for DUI Aggravated (.184 BrAC), MIP, Open Container and Speeding.
A student was transported to The Bridge for intoxication. Cited/release for MIPC (.155 BrAC).
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at 1th and Y street. Driver found to be suspended and passenger had a warrant. Driver cited For DUS and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and passenger taken to jail for warrant.
Vehicle stopped near Antelope Valley Parkway and Military Road. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
Non UNL affiliate contacted for intoxication and transported to The Bridge.
A transient was contacted for suspicious behavior around UNL Buildings. Transported to The Bridge (.142 BrAC).
A juvenile was referred for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz ounce after a probable cause search on a traffic stop.
Non affiliate cited and released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI 2nd Offense (.197 BrAC) and Speeding.
A non-affiliate was released to The Bridge after being cited for DUI (.108 BrAC), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possesssion of Drug Paraphernalia, Open Container and Speeding.
Person given ban and bar notice after causing a disturbance in Love Library.
Non UNL affiliated party was placing stickers on UNL owned property. Person contacted and agreed to remove stickers.
Hit and run accident occurring in the 50/50 parking garage, suspect was found and cited for Leaving the Scene of an Accident-Fail to Furnish Information and Careless Driving.
A student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz after a consent search of a dorm room.
Officers took a report of shoplifting for LPD. All items were recovered and a broadcast has been issued for the suspect.
2 non-affiliates were contacted for Trespassing. 1 was cited/lodged for 2nd Degree Trespassing, 1 was released with a Policy Letter.
A student was cited/released for DUI (.101 BrAC) and an Improper Turn.
Contractor reported a belated theft of work equipment from a work area inside the building.
Hit and Run accident which occurred in the parking lot at 1033 N 16th, investigation on going.
UNL Student report that unknown person punctured three tires on his vehicle, while it was parked in the lot at 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported that unknown person had punctured two tires on their vehicle and also broke the rear window. This occurred in the parking lot of 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported that unknown person punctured two tires and broke the front passenger side window of their vehicle while parked in the lot at 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported that unknown person broke the rear window and the front drivers side window of their vehicle while parked in the lot at 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported a Hit and Run accident which occurred in the 515 N. 19th St parking for documentation only.
UNL student transported to Bryan West.
Vandalism by graffiti reported by a UNL staff member.
Hit and run property damage accident, gate arm damaged, west entrance/exit 50/50 building.Suspect found and cited for Leaving the Scene of an Accident-Fail to Furnish Information and Careless Driving.
UNLPD assisted LPD in taking a suspect into custody.
Non-affiliate was cited/released for DWI <.15 (.102) and Speeding (11-15 over).
UNL staff reported receiving an unwanted disturbing phone call from an out of state number.
UNL student report they lost their wallet on City Campus.
A UNL student reports the theft of a notebook computer.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Insurance, No Valid Registration, and Speeding (11-15).
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI < .15 (BAC: .123), and Speeding (6-10).
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and taken to The Bridge with a BAC of .234.
A UNL student was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer; cited for MIP, and Unlawful Possession of a Legend Drug.  BAC of .164.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (21.5 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  The student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .153.
UNL staff reported disturbing remarks made by a UNL student about one of his roommates. Student was moved by UNL Housing to another room.
UNL student reported sexual assault. Investigation on going.
A non-UNL affiliate was issued a UNL Trespass Policy letter.
A UNL student was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer, and Possession of a False ID.
5 UNL students were cited/released for MIP (BACs: .044, .096, .135, .140, .151).
A non-UNL affiliate cited/released for 2nd Degree Trespassing.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC: .130), and Speeding (6-10).
2 UNL students were cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C (BACs: .169, .186).
Lost or stolen wallet. Loss estimated at $850.00.
A student was transported to the hospital for intoxication (.130 BrAC).
UNL student contacted for intoxication (cited for MIP-C) and transported to the hospital then to The Bridge.
A student was cited/released to The Bridge for DUI (.145 BrAC), MIP, No Operators License and Speeding.
UNL student cited/released for falsely activating a fire alarm pull station.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for operating a vehicle with a revoked license at 11th between P and Q Streets. Person cited for DUR and released.
UNL student stopped for suspended license, at233 N 19th Street. Student cited for DUS and released.
A student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Straddling Lane Lines on a traffic stop.
Vehicle stopped on N 16th between O and P Streets for an LPD broadcast. Driver found to be suspended, cited for DUS and turned over to LPD on broadcast.
UNL student receiving unwanted contact from another UNL student.
UNL student sought medical treatment for a possible first degree burn.
UNL staff concerned about behavior of a UNL student. Contact was made and no issue was discovered.
Construction worker at the Breslow Ice Center injured while working and taken to local hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce and lodged in jail for two active warrants.
A UNL student suffered a minor cut on the head while in class. Medical refused.
A students tire was damaged possibly through vandalism. Damage estimated at $220.00.
Anonymous letter sent to the Dean of Students reporting possible hazing activities by a UNL student organization.
A non-UNL affiliate who has been the subject of several calls for service was served a UNL Ban & Bar letter, banning them from all UNL residence halls and dining halls.
Check welfare of a UNL student.  No apparent issues at this time.
A UNL staff member reported hitting a cement block with their vehicle. The vehicle was damaged, however the cement block was not.
Officer's located a marijuana pipe at a UNL residence hall. Pipe was placed into evidence to be destroyed.
UNL student reporting a possible hit and run to their vehicle.
UNL staff member involved in a non-injury collision of a parked vehicle.  Total damage $1,500.
UNL staff reporting possible hazing by a UNL student organization.
A minor UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C.  Transported to The Bridge with no BAC (refused).
Unidentified person fled from UNLPD Officers on an attempted traffic stop.  Investigation continues.
Non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS due to history and FTAs.  Cited/released for Speeding (11-15).
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.9) < 1 OZ and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
2 UNL students were cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer.  Both students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.5 g) < 1 OZ., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Under the Influence of a Controlled Substance.  One student was also cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .172.
A minor UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  Cited/released for MIP-C (refused PBT).
A UNL affiliate was placed into CPC due to their high level of intoxication and transported to the Bridge for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged for two outstanding warrants and cited/released for possession of drug paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and failure to signal turn.
A disturbance occurred between 3 students.
Two UNL affiliates were cited/released for MIP at a residence hall.
Bike and bike parts possibly vandalized outside the parking garage.
Belated vandalism to a vehicle.
Non-affiliate cited/released for DUS and No Headlights at Night. Lodged in jail on an outstanding warrant.
Contact with a vehicle at Wendy's 1336 Q Street. Driver found to be suspending passenger was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession Drug Paraphernalia. Driver told to leave vehicle parked and released.
A non-affiliate was lodged in jail for Failure to Comply. They were also cited/released for DUI, Refuse Chemical Test and Failure to Signal.
A UNL minor student was transported to a local hospital for alcohol related issues.
A non-affiliate was transported to The Bridge for excessive intoxication. (.186 BrAC).
Non-affiliates vehicle caught fire. Not suspicious in nature. Damage estimated at $7,000.00
UNL student reported theft of bike from east bike rack by 1548 Vine Street.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped for fictitious. Driver also found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No valid Registration
4 students were cited/released for MIP after alcohol was discovered in a dorm room.
UNL Student suffered a medical episode and was transported by LFR to local hospital.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at N 21st and Salt Creed Roadway on Innovation Campus for improper turns. Driver found to be suspended and cited and released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
Non affiliate cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and cited/lodged on Possession of Controlled Substance following a probable cause search of the vehicle.
UNL student made non direct threats over Twitter.  Found not to have any intention of carrying them out.
Belated accident involving a state vehicle vs. parked vehicle.
UNL student reported a hit and run accident occurring in the lot at 1111 N 14th, $400 damage.
Vandalism to window estimated at $500.  No suspects at this time.  Investigation is on-going.
Theft of a wallet, followed by fraudulent activity totaling $2.00.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate minor was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .168), MIP, and Speeding (16-20).
A UNL student was cited/lodged for an active warrant.  Cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-UNL affiliate cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .153), and Speeding (11-15).
Report of vandalism to spruce tree on campus.
UNL student reported they had lost their phone somewhere on campus.
Belated disturbance reported to UNLPD by an UNL staff member. Investigation continues.
Two UNL students were cited/released for Public Indecency.
A glass door on the north side of Architecture Hall was broken. No suspects at this time. Investigation is ongoing.
A UNL student reported losing their laptop in a UNL parking garage. Investigation continues.
A UNL student was cited/released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was lodged in jail for DUI (.145 BrAC and no ties to community).
Contacted person at PBA for a warrant, a search of belongs found marijuana. Person lodged on warrant and cited and released for the marijuana.
Vehicle stopped at 19th and S Street for improper turn. Driver found to be suspended. Cited for DUS, Child Restraint Violation and Improper Turn and released.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding.
A non-affiliate was cited/ released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Operators License.
A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (history of FTA).
Vehicle stopped on Military Road east of N 10th, for fail to signal turn. Driver found to be suspended. Marijuana was also found in vehicle. Driver cited for DUS and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and released.
Off campus disturbance involving two UNL students.  Investigation continues.
UNL Police received the report of a disturbing email which was sent to a UNL employee.
Report of items taken from the Love Library North construction area.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (due to history and FTAs), and cited/released for No Proof of Insurance.
UNL student reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle occurring at the 50/50 garage.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding (6-10).
UNL student reported a belated theft from room in Schramm Hall.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections for an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUS and Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (25.5 g).
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and P Street for fictitious plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
A non-UNL was affiliate cited/lodged for DUS.  Cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (3.5 g), and No Proof of Insurance.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections on an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUS, and Violate Stop Sign.
A non-UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS, and No Headlights at Night.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Insurance.
A student reports the theft of his wallet and contents. Loss estimated at $123.00.
Student reported wallet and contents taken from the Cook Pavilion.
A non-affiliate was cited/released (to The Bridge) for DUI (.149 BrAC) and Speeding.
Non UNL affiliate reported wallet and contents  taken from the Cook Pavilion.
Non UNL affiliate cited for DUR at 16th and P street.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for Open Alcohol Container in Vehicle during a traffic stop.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and was found to be in possession of marijuana and paraphernalia. Party cited and released (poss. <1oz. and poss. para.)
Non-UNL affiliate suffered a minor injury while at the Nebraska Gymnastic Center. Party transported to Bryan for further treatment.
Vehicle stopped at N 20th and O Street. Driver found to  be suspended. Cited and released for same.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Valid Registration and Speeding.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A juvenile was contacted inside an academic building after hours. The juvenile was referred to the County Attorney for Trespassing, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Also Banned and Barred.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Headlights at Night.
Non-UNL affiliate wished to voice concerns regarding law enforcement.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Valid Registration.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .134), MIP-C, and Taillight Violation.  Two non-UNL affiliate passengers were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .042, and .071).
Two UNL students were cited/released for MIP with BACs of .063, and .119.
