Description
3 students were contacted in a suspicious vehicle. A probable cause search resulted in 1 student being cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Officers were dispatched to a belated trespassing in the construction area north of Knoll Suites.
Non UNL affiliate contacted UNL police and said that they had sent a watch to a UNL student in exchange for a pair of Nike shoes. Victim did not received shoes. Suspect was contacted and watch recovered and will be shipped to victim.
Hit and Run accident in the Burr Hall lot on East Campus. No injuries.
2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS and No Headlights at Night.
2 students were contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was lodged in jail for 3rd Offense Aggravated DUI (.323 BrAC).
3 students were contacted on a narcotics call.  All 3 were cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
1 student was contacted in a red tagged fraternity after a nature unknown call was dispatched. The student was found to be intoxicated and was placed in protective custody. He was cited and released to The Bridge for Trespassing and MIPC (.245 BrAC).
Report of belated disturbance.
An anonymous report was made alleging belated sexual assault(s).
A UNL student reported a hit/run to their vehicle while parked at the 50/50 building. Investigation continues.
A UNL staff member reported multiple computers/equipment being stolen from Henzlik Hall. Investigation ongoing
"Four UNL minor students and one non UNL affiliate were contacted after smoking marijuana in a vehicle.  Alcohol, marijuana (< oz.) and paraphernalia were all located in/or next to the vehicle.  One party was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < oz., two parties were cited/released for Minor in Possession and Possession of Marijuana < oz. and two parties were cited/released for Minor in Possession, Possession of Marijuana < oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Non-UNL affiliate contacted for sleeping in the lobby of a garage on campus. Served Trespass Policy Letter and transported to The Mission.
A UNL staff member reported a theft of their gym clothes from a room located at Henzlik Hall. Investigation ongoing.
A UNL student arrived at UNLPD to claim his found wallet and discovered $40.00 dollars missing. Investigation continues.
"A UNL staff member reported an attempted wire fraud from a non-UNL email, however there was no monetary loss and the investigation is ongoing."
"UNL student cited/released for MIP, Possession of Paraphernalia, and Possession of Marijuana <1oz. He was also cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance."
A UNL student was cited/released for 1st offense-Handicap Parking Violation.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"Laptop stolen out of Boston, MA, may have logged onto a UNL IP address."
UNLPD received a report of a belated disturbance involving an employee of Abel/Sandoz dining services who walked away from their job. Investigation continues.
A UNL staff member reported four deer carcasses being dumped in the area of Prairie Pines. No suspects at this time.
A UNL student reported their bicycle was stolen from the bike racks located at the Eastside Suites. Investigation continues.
Report of a theft on an unsecured skateboard.  Investigation continues.  Total loss valued at $30.00
"8 UNL students were cited/released for Trespassing, Possession of Marijuana < 1 ounce (9.4 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  One party was additionally cited for Possession of a False ID."
A 21 year old UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .200.
A UNL student reported losing their purse on East Campus. Attempts to locate the purse were unsuccessful.
UNL student reported his Apple MacBook stolen from a commons area of Avery Hall.
"A non-UNL affiliate identified as Claire Mason fled from a traffic stop after being initially contacted by Officer. Cite/lodge broadcast initiated for Mason for felony flee to avoid and obstructing a police officer. Cite/release for willful reckless, open container and no proof of financial responsibility."
4 UNL students were contacted in a dorm room for a possible alcohol violation. Alcohol was located in the room and all parties were under 21. All parties cited for MIP and released.
A minor UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .221.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for DUS and No Valid Registration.
2 non-affiliates were contacted off campus reference an active warrant. The party with the warrant was arrest and lodged. He was also cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A student was contacted due to a high level of intoxication. The student was transported to the hospital with a non-life threatening condition.
"3 students were contacted on an alcohol complaint. 2 students were cited/released for MIPC (.115 and .137 BrAC's). 1 student was cited/released for MIPC (.020 BrAC), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A student was contacted due to excessive intoxication. The student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge where he was cited/released for MIPC (.219 BrAC).
2 students were contacted on a check welfare. Both were cited/released for MIPC (refused PBT).
"A non-affiliate was contacted in a suspicious vehicle. The occupant was found to be intoxicated, placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (.199 BrAC)."
Lost wallet and contents.
UNL student reported being harassed by another UNL student.
Two people (non-UNL affiliated) were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
A student reports losing a key to a UNL owned building in the last 6 months.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. The driver was cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Insurance.
2 affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. Both occupants were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
UNL student reported that her ex-boyfriend made threats to her and her friends.
"2 students were contacted for trespassing. 1 student was cited/released for Trespassing and MIPC (.170 BrAC). 1 student was cited/released Trespassing, Possession of a False ID and MIPC (.189 BrAC)."
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for Trespassing. He was previously banned from UNL property.
UNL student reported the loss of their backpack with laptop and other items from their room in Sigma Phi Epsilson.
Vehicle hit by a riding lawnmower near Harding hall.
"Vehicle stopped for no front plate at19th and Vine Street, smell of marihuana came from vehicle. Search revealed drug paraphernalia. Driver cited for Possession of drug Paraphernalia."
Hit and run accident to a non-affiliates vehicle. Damage estimated at $500.00.
Officers responded to a call about an unknown person making suicidal statements on Yik Yak. The surrounding area was checked and no person was located.
4 students were contacted on a weapons violation. 2 students were cited/released for Discharging a Firearm w/In City Limits (airsoft).
A student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL professor receiving concerning emails from a student.
Non-UNL affiliate cited and released for carrying concealed weapons.
UNL staff member reported personal money missing from his office.
H.S.S. food service manger report an unknown male tries to enter the area without paying or showing a N card to obtain food. Investigation on going.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration."
"Non UNL affiliate contacted in the first floor bathroom at Andersen Hall, person was given a Trespass Policy Letter and released."
Report of a policy violation.
"Non UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS, Violate Stop Sign and White Light to Rear."
Non UNL affiliated cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
"Non UNL affiliate cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (.137 BAC), Possession of Legend Drug and Defective Tail Light."
Male student forced female to engage in sexual intercourse.
"UNL student's vehicle caught fire after being parked in a UNL lot. Car was a total loss, but no other damage."
A report of a possible law violation occurring off campus. Investigation continues.
"A separate investigation revealed persons under the legal age were provided alcohol at a house party in Lincoln, Nebraska."
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding (11-15 over).
Non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and lodged for warrants.
"UNL student cited/released for Carry Concealed Weapon (knife), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Defective Tail Light."
On call employee cited and released after UNL Athletics property of minimal dollar value was found in his possession.
Non-affiliate cited/released to The Bridge for child abuse after falling on his son while heavily intoxicated (.282 BrAC).
Non-UNL student contacted for intoxication and placed into protective custody and taken to The Bridge.
One non-affiliate assaulted another causing discomfort at Memorial Stadium. Cited and released for 3rd Degree Assault.
"Officer discovered contents in a UNL dumpster on fire. Fire was extinguished by officer and LFR, with no damage to dumpster. LFR stated cause was discarded charcoal."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .305.
"3 non-affiliates contacted on a traffic stop. Driver cited/released to The Bridge for DUI Aggravated (.184 BrAC), MIP, Open Container and Speeding."
A student was transported to The Bridge for intoxication. Cited/release for MIPC (.155 BrAC).
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at 1th and Y street. Driver found to be suspended and passenger had a warrant. Driver cited For DUS and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and passenger taken to jail for warrant.
Vehicle stopped near Antelope Valley Parkway and Military Road. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
Non UNL affiliate contacted for intoxication and transported to The Bridge.
A transient was contacted for suspicious behavior around UNL Buildings. Transported to The Bridge (.142 BrAC).
A juvenile was referred for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz ounce after a probable cause search on a traffic stop.
Non affiliate cited and released to The Bridge for Aggravated DUI 2nd Offense (.197 BrAC) and Speeding.
"A non-affiliate was released to The Bridge after being cited for DUI (.108 BrAC), Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possesssion of Drug Paraphernalia, Open Container and Speeding."
Person given ban and bar notice after causing a disturbance in Love Library.
Non UNL affiliated party was placing stickers on UNL owned property. Person contacted and agreed to remove stickers.
"Hit and run accident occurring in the 50/50 parking garage, suspect was found and cited for Leaving the Scene of an Accident-Fail to Furnish Information and Careless Driving."
A student was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz after a consent search of a dorm room.
Officers took a report of shoplifting for LPD. All items were recovered and a broadcast has been issued for the suspect.
"2 non-affiliates were contacted for Trespassing. 1 was cited/lodged for 2nd Degree Trespassing, 1 was released with a Policy Letter."
A student was cited/released for DUI (.101 BrAC) and an Improper Turn.
Contractor reported a belated theft of work equipment from a work area inside the building.
"Hit and Run accident which occurred in the parking lot at 1033 N 16th, investigation on going."
"UNL Student report that unknown person punctured three tires on his vehicle, while it was parked in the lot at 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going."
UNL student reported that unknown person had punctured two tires on their vehicle and also broke the rear window. This occurred in the parking lot of 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported that unknown person punctured two tires and broke the front passenger side window of their vehicle while parked in the lot at 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported that unknown person broke the rear window and the front drivers side window of their vehicle while parked in the lot at 3248 Starr St. Investigation on going.
UNL student reported a Hit and Run accident which occurred in the 515 N. 19th St parking for documentation only.
UNL student transported to Bryan West.
Vandalism by graffiti reported by a UNL staff member.
"Hit and run property damage accident, gate arm damaged, west entrance/exit 50/50 building.Suspect found and cited for Leaving the Scene of an Accident-Fail to Furnish Information and Careless Driving."
UNLPD assisted LPD in taking a suspect into custody.
Non-affiliate was cited/released for DWI <.15 (.102) and Speeding (11-15 over).
UNL staff reported receiving an unwanted disturbing phone call from an out of state number.
UNL student report they lost their wallet on City Campus.
A UNL student reports the theft of a notebook computer.  Investigation continues.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Insurance, No Valid Registration, and Speeding (11-15)."
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI < .15 (BAC: .123), and Speeding (6-10)."
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and taken to The Bridge with a BAC of .234.
"A UNL student was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer; cited for MIP, and Unlawful Possession of a Legend Drug.  BAC of .164."
"A UNL student was cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (21.5 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  The student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .153."
UNL staff reported disturbing remarks made by a UNL student about one of his roommates. Student was moved by UNL Housing to another room.
UNL student reported sexual assault. Investigation on going.
A non-UNL affiliate was issued a UNL Trespass Policy letter.
"A UNL student was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer, and Possession of a False ID."
"5 UNL students were cited/released for MIP (BACs: .044, .096, .135, .140, .151)."
A non-UNL affiliate cited/released for 2nd Degree Trespassing.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC: .130), and Speeding (6-10)."
"2 UNL students were cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C (BACs: .169, .186)."
Lost or stolen wallet. Loss estimated at $850.00.
A student was transported to the hospital for intoxication (.130 BrAC).
UNL student contacted for intoxication (cited for MIP-C) and transported to the hospital then to The Bridge.
"A student was cited/released to The Bridge for DUI (.145 BrAC), MIP, No Operators License and Speeding."
UNL student cited/released for falsely activating a fire alarm pull station.
Non UNL affiliate stopped for operating a vehicle with a revoked license at 11th between P and Q Streets. Person cited for DUR and released.
"UNL student stopped for suspended license, at233 N 19th Street. Student cited for DUS and released."
A student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Straddling Lane Lines on a traffic stop.
"Vehicle stopped on N 16th between O and P Streets for an LPD broadcast. Driver found to be suspended, cited for DUS and turned over to LPD on broadcast."
UNL student receiving unwanted contact from another UNL student.
UNL student sought medical treatment for a possible first degree burn.
UNL staff concerned about behavior of a UNL student. Contact was made and no issue was discovered.
Construction worker at the Breslow Ice Center injured while working and taken to local hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce and lodged in jail for two active warrants.
A UNL student suffered a minor cut on the head while in class. Medical refused.
A students tire was damaged possibly through vandalism. Damage estimated at $220.00.
Anonymous letter sent to the Dean of Students reporting possible hazing activities by a UNL student organization.
"A non-UNL affiliate who has been the subject of several calls for service was served a UNL Ban & Bar letter, banning them from all UNL residence halls and dining halls."
Check welfare of a UNL student.  No apparent issues at this time.
"A UNL staff member reported hitting a cement block with their vehicle. The vehicle was damaged, however the cement block was not."
Officer's located a marijuana pipe at a UNL residence hall. Pipe was placed into evidence to be destroyed.
UNL student reporting a possible hit and run to their vehicle.
"UNL staff member involved in a non-injury collision of a parked vehicle.  Total damage $1,500."
UNL staff reporting possible hazing by a UNL student organization.
A minor UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C.  Transported to The Bridge with no BAC (refused).
Unidentified person fled from UNLPD Officers on an attempted traffic stop.  Investigation continues.
Non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS due to history and FTAs.  Cited/released for Speeding (11-15).
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.9) < 1 OZ and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"2 UNL students were cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer.  Both students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.5 g) < 1 OZ., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Under the Influence of a Controlled Substance.  One student was also cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .172."
A minor UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  Cited/released for MIP-C (refused PBT).
A UNL affiliate was placed into CPC due to their high level of intoxication and transported to the Bridge for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged for two outstanding warrants and cited/released for possession of drug paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and failure to signal turn.
A disturbance occurred between 3 students.
Two UNL affiliates were cited/released for MIP at a residence hall.
Bike and bike parts possibly vandalized outside the parking garage.
Belated vandalism to a vehicle.
Non-affiliate cited/released for DUS and No Headlights at Night. Lodged in jail on an outstanding warrant.
Contact with a vehicle at Wendy's 1336 Q Street. Driver found to be suspending passenger was cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession Drug Paraphernalia. Driver told to leave vehicle parked and released.
"A non-affiliate was lodged in jail for Failure to Comply. They were also cited/released for DUI, Refuse Chemical Test and Failure to Signal."
A UNL minor student was transported to a local hospital for alcohol related issues.
A non-affiliate was transported to The Bridge for excessive intoxication. (.186 BrAC).
"Non-affiliates vehicle caught fire. Not suspicious in nature. Damage estimated at $7,000.00"
UNL student reported theft of bike from east bike rack by 1548 Vine Street.
"Non UNL affiliate was stopped for fictitious. Driver also found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DUS, Fictitious Plates and No valid Registration"
4 students were cited/released for MIP after alcohol was discovered in a dorm room.
UNL Student suffered a medical episode and was transported by LFR to local hospital.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at N 21st and Salt Creed Roadway on Innovation Campus for improper turns. Driver found to be suspended and cited and released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
Non affiliate cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and cited/lodged on Possession of Controlled Substance following a probable cause search of the vehicle.
UNL student made non direct threats over Twitter.  Found not to have any intention of carrying them out.
Belated accident involving a state vehicle vs. parked vehicle.
"UNL student reported a hit and run accident occurring in the lot at 1111 N 14th, $400 damage."
Vandalism to window estimated at $500.  No suspects at this time.  Investigation is on-going.
"Theft of a wallet, followed by fraudulent activity totaling $2.00.  Investigation continues."
"A non-UNL affiliate minor was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .168), MIP, and Speeding (16-20)."
A UNL student was cited/lodged for an active warrant.  Cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"Non-UNL affiliate cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .153), and Speeding (11-15)."
Report of vandalism to spruce tree on campus.
UNL student reported they had lost their phone somewhere on campus.
Belated disturbance reported to UNLPD by an UNL staff member. Investigation continues.
Two UNL students were cited/released for Public Indecency.
A glass door on the north side of Architecture Hall was broken. No suspects at this time. Investigation is ongoing.
A UNL student reported losing their laptop in a UNL parking garage. Investigation continues.
A UNL student was cited/released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was lodged in jail for DUI (.145 BrAC and no ties to community).
"Contacted person at PBA for a warrant, a search of belongs found marijuana. Person lodged on warrant and cited and released for the marijuana."
"Vehicle stopped at 19th and S Street for improper turn. Driver found to be suspended. Cited for DUS, Child Restraint Violation and Improper Turn and released."
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding.
A non-affiliate was cited/ released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Operators License.
A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (history of FTA).
"Vehicle stopped on Military Road east of N 10th, for fail to signal turn. Driver found to be suspended. Marijuana was also found in vehicle. Driver cited for DUS and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and released."
Off campus disturbance involving two UNL students.  Investigation continues.
UNL Police received the report of a disturbing email which was sent to a UNL employee.
Report of items taken from the Love Library North construction area.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (due to history and FTAs), and cited/released for No Proof of Insurance."
UNL student reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle occurring at the 50/50 garage.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Speeding (6-10).
UNL student reported a belated theft from room in Schramm Hall.
A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections for an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUS and Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (25.5 g).
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and P Street for fictitious plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released.
"A non-UNL was affiliate cited/lodged for DUS.  Cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (3.5 g), and No Proof of Insurance."
"A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections on an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUS, and Violate Stop Sign."
"A non-UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS, and No Headlights at Night."
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Insurance.
A student reports the theft of his wallet and contents. Loss estimated at $123.00.
Student reported wallet and contents taken from the Cook Pavilion.
A non-affiliate was cited/released (to The Bridge) for DUI (.149 BrAC) and Speeding.
Non UNL affiliate reported wallet and contents  taken from the Cook Pavilion.
Non UNL affiliate cited for DUR at 16th and P street.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for Open Alcohol Container in Vehicle during a traffic stop.
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and was found to be in possession of marijuana and paraphernalia. Party cited and released (poss. <1oz. and poss. para.)
Non-UNL affiliate suffered a minor injury while at the Nebraska Gymnastic Center. Party transported to Bryan for further treatment.
Vehicle stopped at N 20th and O Street. Driver found to  be suspended. Cited and released for same.
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Valid Registration and Speeding."
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
"A juvenile was contacted inside an academic building after hours. The juvenile was referred to the County Attorney for Trespassing, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Also Banned and Barred."
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Headlights at Night."
Non-UNL affiliate wished to voice concerns regarding law enforcement.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Valid Registration.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .134), MIP-C, and Taillight Violation.  Two non-UNL affiliate passengers were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .042, and .071)."
"Two UNL students were cited/released for MIP with BACs of .063, and .119."
"A UNL student was cited/released for DWI (BAC .105), and Speeding (6-10).  A non-UNL affiliate passenger was cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .176)."
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .180.
A juvenile non-UNL affiliate was referred to the County Attorney for charges.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Violating a Traffic Signal and DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS. Another non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana Less Than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (11.6 g) less than 1 Ounce, and Speeding (11-15)."
"A non-UNL affiliate was lodged at Corrections for an active warrant.  Cited/released for Child Neglect, DUS, Possession of Marijuana (1.3 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Fail to Signal Turn.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, however they were lodged in jail for an active warrant."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Insurance, Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration."
"Traffic stop just south of 21st and O street for one headlight. Vehicle smelled of marijuana, search found two bongs. Two non UNL affiliates cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-UNL affiliate minor was cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (.190), MIP-C, and Negligent driving.  Three minor passengers (one UNL student) were cited/released for MIP-C (.130, .137, and .207).  One non-UNL affiliate minor transported to The Bridge.  A non-UNL affiliate 21 year old was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .213."
"Vehicle stopped in parking lot eastside of Abel Hall for no plates or paper. Vehicle smelled of Marijuana, a search revealed a joint. Driver cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Military Road for running a stop light. Driver found to be revoked, cited for DUR 2nd Offense and Violating a Traffic Control Light."
Two non-students issued trespass policy letters.
Faulty sprinkler head caused damage in a storage area.
UNLPD officers assisted in an LPD investigation.
Report of shoplifting from the Nebraska book store at the Nebraska City Union.
"A non-affiliate was cited and released to The Bridge for DUI, Refuse Chemical Test and No Headlights at Night."
UNL staff member received a disturbing phone call.
A non-affiliate was contacted due to a high level of intoxication. Transported to the Bridge for detoxification (.180 BrAC).
A non-affiliate was cited and lodged for DUS. Cited and released for DUI > .15 (.153 BrAC) and Speeding.
Non-UNL affiliate taken to The Bridge (.324 BAC).
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for graffiti and also found in a women's only lounge. Party was lodged for trespassing and cited and released for the vandalism.
A UNL affiliate reported he wallet being taking from a locker at the City Campus Recreational Center. Investigation ongoing.
A UNL affiliate reported an unidentified person(s) used their debit card on two separate occasions.
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUR and Speeding (7 over).
UNL staff lost an item in the performance of their duties.
"UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. (14 grams), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, Possession of a Controlled Substance not in Original Container and Being Under the Influence of a Controlled Substance."
2 students contacted in a vehicle. 1 student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS due to history and FTA.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (BAC .159), and FTOTCD."
Five UNL students were cited/released for MIP in a residence hall.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into CPC due to intoxication and transported to the Bridge. The individual was also cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and Possession off Drug Paraphernalia
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding and DUS. Vehicle was towed.
"A non-UNL affiliate (driver) cited/released for DUS, and No Headlights at Night.  A non-UNL affiliate (passenger) was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (3.9 g) < 1 Ounce."
Hit and Run accident at the 50/50 parking garage. Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
A UNL student suffered a minor injury to their toe and declined medical treatment.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the big lot north of Dental College.
Vehicle stopped at 21st and Y Street for white light to  rear. Driver was found to be suspended and Cited for same and released. Front passenger was cited for Open Alcohol Container and released.
A UNL student was cited/released for Leaving the Scene of an Accident-Fail to Furnish Information and Careless Driving.
Hit and run occurred in a UNL parking lot.
UNLPD received the report of a belated sexual assault.
UNL staff member reported losing a wedding band in the area of Hardin Hall .
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Q Street, driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Cited and released for DUS and lodged in jail on warrant."
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Military Road, driver found to be suspended and cited and released for DUS and No Proof of Financial Responsibility."
"Vehicle stopped Antelope Valley Parkway and Virginia Street. Driver found to be reading a text on their phone and was suspended. Driver Cited for DUS, Use of a Handheld Communication Device-Prohibited, Negligent Driving and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. Driver also lodged on a warrant."
"Non-UNL affiliate lodged for DUS- Subsequent Offense, cited for Possession of Marijuana <1oz-second offense, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Taillight Violation"
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUI-drugs (BAC .000), DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, Unlawful Possession of a Legend Drug, and No Proof of Insurance."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
UNL staff reported their phone as lost/stolen.
UNL vehicle struck in a parking lot by a non-UNL vehicle.
UNL Police received a report of a possible belated hazing incident.  Investigation continues.
"Non UNL affiliate who was banned from all UNL property was contacted in the City Union. Person was lodged for 1st, Degree Criminal Trespassing and cited and released for possession of Marijuana < 1 oz."
UNL student reported concerns regarding the behavior of an acquaintance.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Leaving the Scene of an Accident, and Failure to Furnish Information,"
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS/No Proof of Insurance.
"UNL police responded to a possible kidnapping in progress, which turned into a possible hazing incident."
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (1.4 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on a vehicle stop for DUS. Party cited and lodged for DUS.
UNL Staff member received a phone call and wanted it documented by police.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the parking lot south of the Devaney Sports Center.
A male student had unwanted sexual intercourse with a female student.
A student was lodged on a warrant and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Violating a Traffic Signal during a traffic stop.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (BAC of .233), MIP-C, and Reckless Driving.  A UNL student passenger will be contacted and cited for Possession of a False ID."
A non-affiliate was take to The Bridge for intoxication (.249 BrAC).
"3 UNL students were cited/released for MIP-C with BACS of .104, .120, and REF."
Student reports loss of $900.00 via fraudulent internet exchange. The investigation is on-going.
Damage reported to a student's vehicle. Estimated at $300.00.
A UNL student was cited/released to a sober party for MIP-C.
"4 UNL students were cited/released for MIP with BACs of .054, .063, .130, and .219."
"3 UNL students were cited/released for MIP-C with BACs of .052, REF, and REF."
A UNL student was cited/released for MIPC and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for obstructed license plate and DUS.
A UNL student suffered a non life threatening medical episode. The individual was evaluated by LFR and transported to a local hospital for further care.
UNL student cited for MIP (.176 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
Belated trespassing which occurred 12/24/2015. Juvenile suspect identified..
"Vehicle stopped in the area of 21st and Y Street. Driver found to be revoked, citied for same and released."
UNL student reported a hit and run accident occurring in the 50/50 parking garage.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP and Open Container during a traffic stop.
Four UNL students and one non-UNL affiliate were cited/released for MIP occurring at the Courtyards. Two of the students were also cited for Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce.
Seven UNL students and one non-UNL student cited/released for MIP.
"Four UNL students were cited/released for MIP, one of the was also cited for possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUR-15 year Revocation and an active Hamilton County warrant. The individual was also cited/released for Failure to Obey a Traffic Signal Device and Fictitious Plates.
A non-UNL affiliate who was a passenger in a vehicle involved in a traffic stop was found to be in possession of a controlled substance. The individual was cited and lodged for that offense.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited and released for DUS.
Non-student lodged in jail for felony Driving Under Revocation.
UNL student reported a lost/stolen passport.
UNL student reported hit and run accident which occurred in the lot north of the Barkley Center. $500 damage to vehicle.
UNLPD conducted a welfare check on an individual after learning the he had made suicidal statements.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Saunders Avenue for a defective tail light. Driver found to be suspended and Cited and released for same.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Valid Registration and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI > .15, Failing to Signal Turn, Improper Turn and No Proof of Financial Responsibility."
UNLPD Officers assisted LPD with a suicidal person.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and S street. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited DUS and No Proof  of Financial Responsibility
A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia on a traffic stop.
A student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia after giving officers consent to search his dorm room.
"UNL Academic Dept received a letter with concerning, but not threatening text."
An 18 year old UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .229.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (BAC .212), and Negligent Driving."
A minor UNL student was transported to the hospital due to an alcohol related issue.  No citations issued.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and No Headlights at Night."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (Alprazolam), and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.3 g) < 1 Ounce, and Violate Automatic Signal."
UNL student treated/released by LFR for possible alcohol overdose.  Transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .257.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C.
A UNL student was cited/released for Littering-Urinating in Public.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .097), and Speeding (6-10)."
UNL student lost an ID card holder and contents.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia in a UNL parking lot.
UNL student transported by LFR to a local hospital after becoming dizzy and light-headed.
"Two fire extinguishers were discharged in the 4th, floor stairwell in the 50/50 Building."
Hit and Run accident occurring in the paved lot west of 14th and Avery Parking garage.
UNL student reported that they had damaged the parking gate at the 19th and Vine parking garage.
Two UNL students were cited/released for possession of marijuana less than an ounce and minor in possession of alcohol.
"Vehicle stopped at 23rd and Vine Street for no  plates, Driver found to be suspended and marijuana found in vehicle. Driver lodged in jail for warrant and cited and released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Valid Registration."
Non UNL affiliate was seen drinking from a whiskey bottle while driving. Party contacted and cited for Open Container and Public Consumption
UNL student reported an hit and run accident occurring in the 17th and R Street parking garage.
Vehicle stopped at 16th and X for expired registration sticker. Vehicle smelled of marijuana. Search found glass pipe with marijuana residue. Driver cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and warned about sticker.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and S Street. Driver found to have a warrant. Search of person found marijuana. Driver lodged for warrant and cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL student cited/lodged for Assault 3rd Degree.
Large window at Memorial stadium was found shattered but still intact.
UNL student cited/released to The Bridge for Failure to Obey Traffic Control Device and DWI > .15 (.201 BAC).
"UNL student cited and released for Acts Declared Unlawful, false id."
Check welfare on UNL student.
UNL students reported being harassed by a non UNL affiliated person.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Theft by Unlawful Taking < $200.  Banned and Barred from all UNL campuses.
"4 UNL students and 2 non-UNL affiliates cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .163, .123, .073, .065, .045, and REF)."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Agg. 3rd Offense DWI (BAC .195).  Cited/released for Obstruction of a Peace Officer, Driving During Revocation, and Negligent Driving."
3 UNL students cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce.
A female student reported that a male student put his face against her breast at a UNL function off campus.
UNL student cited for Disturbing the Peace after entering a private meeting and being disruptive.
Student reports the theft of a bicycle. Loss estimated at $400.00.
"A UNL student was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer, and cited/released for Theft by Receiving."
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge (BAC .184) for Obstructing a Peace Officer.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (history of FTA), and cited/released for No Proof of Insurance."
"Two UNL students were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .173, and .015).  One student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge."
A non-UNL affiliate was arrested on an outstanding warrant and cited/released for possession of marijuana less than an ounce and possession of drug paraphernalia.
UNLPD and LFR responded to Selleck Hall due to a pull station activation. LFR determined there was no fire. UNLPD was unable to locate a responsible party for the activation. Case closed.
UNLPD received a concerning phone call from an unknown party. Investigation is ongoing.
UNL staff member reported concern about a past student contacting them.
A UNL student reported an unauthorized use of his credit card in another state. Investigation is ongoing.
UNL student reported a non injury accident occurring in the T Street Meter lot.
"A non-UNL affiliate who had previously received a UNL trespass warning, was contacted inside Bessey Hall due to a student complaint. The individual was ultimately issued a UNL Trespass Ban & Bar notice."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS. The individual also was cited/released for No Headlights at Night.
"UNL student contacted by Memorial Stadium, student was intoxicated and taken to The Bridge with a BAC of.182"
"UNLPD received the report of a belated sexual assault.  The victim did not wish to provide a statement and did not want to pursue matters criminally at this time.  No known suspects, case referred to Title IX."
"Report of unknown person(s) urinating in the west stairwell of Harper Hall, investigation continues."
"UNL student attempted to get onto the roof of Abel Hall, but did not get on the roof."
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the parking lot east of the Jackie Gaughan Multi-Cultural Center.
"Vehicle stopped at on S Street near Antelope Valley Parkway for no plates or papers. Driver was cited for Possession of Marijuana 1 oz to 1 LB, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No valid Registration."
A UNL student was contacted at his dorm room and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNLPD and LFR responded to a activated pull station fire alarm which occurred at the Courtyards. LFR advised that there was no fire or smoke inside. Attempts to locate the party responsible for pulling the alarm were unsuccessful.
Three UNL students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana Less than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. One student was also cited for MIP and transported to The Bridge for further care.
UNL staff member transported to a hospital after falling.
Report a vandalism which occurred inside the building.
2 students were contacted on a narcotics complaint. 1 was cited/released for Posession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. 1 student was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance w/Intent to Deliver within 1000 feet of a School.
A non-affiliate suspect caused approximately $400 in damage to a computer while trespassing in a building. Broadcast issued.
UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Irrigation pipe was damaged.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. He was cited/released for DUS.
A non-affiliate reports an uknown male entered her vehicle without permission scaring her son. Suspect left the area without damage to persons or property.
Non UNL affiliate cited and lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking ($0-$200).
Non UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking ($0-$200).
"Non UNL affiliate cited/released for Littering, Possession of Marijuana < oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Acts Declared Unlawful (False/Fake ID)."
Non UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and turned over to The Bridge due to his level of intoxication (.231 BAC).
UNL student was reported as trespassing in a sorority and also to be intoxicated. Student was taken to detox and cited for MIP-C
2 UNL students and 1 former UNL student contacted in a dorm room due to the odor of marijuana emitting from the room. One of the students was cited for possession of marijuana and paraphernalia after a consent search.
Suspicious activity reported to UNLPD about an off campus property. Forwarded to LPD for investigation.
Student reports a disturbing exchange with a no-affiliate over social media.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia following a traffic stop."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, Unnecessary Noise from MV, and Failure to Signal."
"A UNL student reported a hit and run to his vehicle, however a video review of his parked vehicle does not show an accident occurring while at UNL."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Headlight Violation."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
An 18 year old UNL student was transported to a local hospital by LFR for possible alcohol overdose which was later determined to be non-life threatening.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted by officers and subsequently ran from them while being detained. The individual was identified and a broadcast has been initiated.
A UNL student reported a belated larceny occurring near campus. Investigation is ongoing.
Computer equipment stolen from a front office.
UNL student had camera equipment stolen from him.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the Championship parking lot.
"Vehicle stopped in the area of 19th  and  Y Street, for no red light to rear. Driver found to be suspended, cited for DUS and warned for defective tail lights."
UNL student taken to Bryan West Mental Health for self admit.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Valid Registration."
Vehicle stopped at N 9th and Q Street for littering. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and warned about the littering.
Non UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS.
Report of concerning statements made by a non UNL affiliate.  Investigation turned over to outside jurisdiction.
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Virginia Street for Violating a stop light. Driver was cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Violating a Traffic Light and released."
"Five UNL students were cited/released for MIP. (BACs: .171, .139, .062, .135, .037)"
UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL student reported unwanted contact with another person while there were at the Horseshoe Casino in Council Bluffs IA.
A non-UNL affiliate fled from UNLPD officers during an attempted traffic stop.  Investigation is on-going.
LFR and UNLPD responded to a fire alarm caused by a pull station.  No smoke or fire located.  Case is inactive.
UNL student reported receiving unwanted text messages from an unknown person. Investigation continues.
A student reports the theft of their wallet. Loss estimated at $40.00.
A student reports the loss or theft of their wallet. Loss estimated at $40.00.
A UNL cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A UNL student was cited/released for Maintaining a Disorderly House.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .148.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .213.
UNL student reported a belated sexual assault occurring in Cather Hall.
A student reports a hit and run accident to their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $800.00.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffics stop, arrested on a warrant and cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (8.9 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and MIP."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited released for DWI (BAC .093) and Taillight Violation.
Documentation of a non-criminal disturbance.
Non UNL affiliate was arrested and lodged for Terroristic Threats and Domestic Assault 3rd Degree. This occurred on the sidewalk by Richards Hall.
"Vehicle stopped at Military Road and Bessie for expired registration. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 0z. Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Open Container and released."
"UNLPD received a found wallet with a false ID inside. Owner, UNL student, of wallet admitted to owning the false ID and was cited for same."
Vehicle stopped at U-Vine Street on N 23rd for no plates or paper. Driver found to be suspended cited for same and released.
UNL student reported that unknown person(s) used his credit card without his knowledge.
Vehicle stopped at 25th Street south of O Street. The driver was found to be suspended cited and released for same. Two other passengers were cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and the other cited for Open Container and lodged for Criminal Impersonation and a warrant.
Vehicle stopped on R street near 16th Street for improper turn. Driver found to be suspend and search of vehicle revealed marijuana. Driver cited for DUS and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and released.
Gas stolen from a UNL van.
Attempted to locate person who fled from traffic stop.
Non UNL affiliate found to be intoxicated and pulling on doors/windows of UNL owned buildings.  Transported to The Bridge (.208 BAC) and received Trespass Policy Letter.
"Non-UNL affiliated contacted on a traffic stop and found to be DUS. Driver cited for DUS, No prof. of Fin. Resp., Child Rest. Viol., and No Seat Belt."
UNL staff member reported that unknown had used his information to file taxes. This case turned over to IRS and FTC.
Two UNL students were cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
A non-UNL affiliate placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .220.
UNL Police received the report of unwanted communication between two UNL students.
A student reports the theft of her wallet and contents. Loss estimated at $52.00.
Two non-UNL affiliates fled the scene of a traffic stop.  The passenger was apprehended and cited/lodged for Failure to Comply.  BC initiated for driver.
A minor UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .253.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .203.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (history of DUS/FTAs).
"A UNL student was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance w/Intent to Deliver, and cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .210.
"A student reports an on-going issue with someone disturbing his peace. Matter is not criminal at this time, but will be monitored."
A student reports damage to her vehicle by unknown means. Damage is estimated at $525.00.
A student reports unauthorized charges on an account at an out of country bank. Loss did not occur in UNLPD Jurisdiction.
A UNL student was cited/lodged for Assaulting a UNL Police Officer.  Cited/released for Obstruction.
Two UNL students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C, and Possession of a False ID.  The student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .230."
A 21 year old UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .232.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A UNL student was cited for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .105.
UNL student involved in an accident. Cited for DUI (.181 BAC) and Leaving Scene of an Accident.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for No Headlights After Dark and DUI >.15. The in individual was turned over to The Bridge staff for further care.
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Q Street for defective rear left tail light. Driver found to have their driving privileges revoked, cited for DUR and released."
UNL student reported that his laptop computer was taker either from Bessey or Burnett Hall.
"A UNL student was cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A UNL student suffered a medical emergency while attempting to get out of bed. LFR arrived on scene and ultimately transported the patient to a local hospital for further care.
A letter was turned into UNL police offering fake ID's for free. case turned over to the United States Postal Inspector's Office and Los Angeles Sheriff's Department.
"Vehicle stopped at 22nd and Vine for failure to use turn signal. Driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released."
Vehicle stopped at Salt Creed Roadway near Kimco Drive for no plates or paper. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for Dus No Proof of Financial Responsibility and No Valid Registration
UNL student reported theft of their bike seat from the bike racks by Temple Building.
Non-student contacted in the library afterhours. He was issued a Trespass Policy Letter.
UNL property damaged by hit and run accident.
Non-student cited for DUS and lodged on a warrant.
A staff member reports the loss of property somewhere on  City Campus. Total loss estimated at $545.00.
UNL student cited/released for MIP.
UNL student suffered a medical emergency and was treated by LFR.
Disturbing statements being  posted on a Student Organization's webpage.
Student reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. Damage estimated at $500.00.
A student reported someone cut her lock and stole her bicycle. Loss estimated at $420.00.
A student reports a male acting suspiciously on east campus.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C and Littering with a partial BAC of .149.
"A UNL student was cited/lodged for Failure to Comply, and cited/released for Theft < $300."
"2 UNL students contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for DWI (BAC .085), MIP, Possession of Stolen Property, and No Headlights at Night.  The passenger was cited/released for MIP (BAC .120)."
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .188.
Non-affiliate cited/released for Fictitious Plates.
UNL student reported hit and run accident to their vehicle.
A student reports the theft of 2 lights from his bicycle. Loss is estimated at $40.00.
UNL student reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of Burglars Tools and Banned/Barred from UNL property.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Aggravated DWI (BAC .158), Negligent Driving, and DUS."
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of a False ID.
Stereo taken from a vehicle parked in the parking lot north of the Eastside Suites.
A UNL student was cited/released for theft from a UNL convenience store on campus.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (1.0 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Bicycle taken from bike rack at the 2222 Vine Street apartments.
Bicycle taken from the bike racks at the U Street apartments.
Sink damaged by unknown means.
Assisted putting out a fire in a trash can at 17th and R Street.
A UNL affiliate had a medical emergency while at home and ultimately died as a result.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP and Acts Declared Unlawful/Fake ID. The student was turned over to The Bridge staff for further care.
UNL vehicle damaged by unknown means. ($500 damage)
UNL staff member backed a University van into a garage bay inside of Warehouse 2. Minimal damage.
UNL student failed to return a computer they checked out.
A non UNL affiliate who had a UNL warrant was contacted at 3201 Starr Street. Suspect resisted being taken into custody and gave a false name. Suspected was lodged for warrant and Criminal Impersonation and cited and released for Resisting Arrest and Obstructing a Peace Officer
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated. Party cited for DWI <.15 and wrong way on one way and released to the Bridge.
An unknown individual broke into a building at UNL's Mead research facility and stole a rototiller.
Two vehicle non injury accident in the parking lot east of the Dental College. One of the drivers was cited for Learner's Permit Violation and Unsafe Backing.
UNL faculty member assaulted by an unknown party while attempting to enter a building.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .248.
A UNL Student reported a belated bicycle theft.
"UNL staff reported a vandalism to their vehicle, occurring at the Knolls."
UNL student receiving unwanted phone calls.
UNL student reported hit and run accident occurring in the surface lot at 14th and Avery parking lot.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (0.9 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
UNL faculty reporting the belated theft or loss of two tools from a shop in Othmer hall.
A student reports hit and run damage to her vehicle. Damage is estimated at $300.00.
Non UNL affiliate drove his vehicle through a parking arm gate causing damage. Party cited for Criminal Mischief < $200
Non UNL affiliate was contacted for intoxication and transported to The Bridge. At the Bridge the party became uncooperative and was lodged for Obstruction of PO.
UNL student contacted and cited on a traffic stop where they were found to be in possession of marijuana and paraphernalia.
UNL student contact for intoxication and transported to the Bridge. Cited for MIP and urination in public. (.277BAC)
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Urinating in Public (BAC .207).
UNL student contacted after vandalizing a fence in the Anderson Hall Lot in front of a UNLPD Sergeant. Party cited and released.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and No Headlights After Dark."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DWI (BAC .133), DUS, and Violation of Automatic Signal."
A UNL student suffered a medical episode due to alcohol consumption.  Transported to a local area hospital for treatment.
"UNLPD responded to Bryan West Campus Hospital on a belated sexual assault, however the victim wished to be anonymous and does not want to report at this time."
UNL staff reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of a False ID, and No Operators license on Person."
1 UNL student and 3 non-UNL affiliates were cited/released for MIP-C (No BACs available).
UNLPD assisted LPD in apprehending a subject who was entering several vehicles.
A non UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Valid Insurance.
UNL student reported the theft of their iPhone 6 Plus from Iguana's bar. The phone was pinging in the area of Selleck Hall a canvas of the area was conducted with negative results.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana Less Than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for Failure to Signal Turn and DUS.
A non- UNL affiliate who was the passenger on a traffic stop was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding 6-10 and DUR.
Non-student cited for DWI (.103 BAC) and Negligent Driving.
Hit and run occurred in the parking garage.
Report of damaged window in the third floor lounge in Eastside Suites.
Damage to a UNLPD trailer.
U.S. flag stolen from outside the building.
U.S. flag was damaged.
Two non-students issued Trespass Policy Letters.
UNL student reported damage to their vehicle while it was parked in the 17th and R St parking garage.
UNL student reported their vehicle was damaged while parked in the 17th and R St parking garage.
A suspicious male was contacted in the parking lot.  Investigation continues.
UNL affiliate reported a lost/stolen wallet from Love Library
UNL affiliate reported a lost/stolen passport from Love Library.
Two vehicle accident non injury occurring in the parking lot south side of the Memorial stadium involving a State vehicle.
UNL student reported a disturbance.
UNL staff member from Lied Center reported unknown person(s) used a grease based chalk to write on the marble wall north of the Lied Center
UNLPD received the report of a belated disturbance between UNL students.
Non UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and cited/lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance.
Non UNL affiliate cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Criminal Impersonation and cited/lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance.
"UNL student cited/released for DWI >.15, MIP, Open Container and Changing Course in the Middle of an Intersection. (.181 BAC)"
UNL staff member reported their bike taken from the southwest bike rack by Devaney.
UNL student reported his wallet was lost or stolen possibly at Henry Doorly Zoo or somewhere on campus.
Non UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS (multiple DUS and FTA charges) and cited/released for No Proof of Financial Responsibility and White Light to Rear.
"Six UNL students cited/released for MIP-C. (.154, .100, .114, .134 BACs - 2 refused PBTs)"
UNL student cited/released for MIP-C (.258 BAC).
Non UNL affiliate cited/released for DUR.
Non UNL affiliate cited/lodged for DWI > .150 and cited/released for Negligent Driving.  (.159 BrAC)
Non UNL affiliate reported a larceny from auto.  Investigation continues.
Non UNL person reported possible disturbance occurring in the 14th and R Street parking lot.
Report of a Pink Huffy mountain bicycle and lock stolen from the east entrance bike racks.
UNL student cited/released for Criminal Mischief ($200-$500).
UNL student reported a larceny of her purse and belongings.  Estimated $190 loss.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia inside a UNL dorm room.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of Burglar's Tools, and Possession of a Controlled Substance (.5 g methamphetamine).  Banned and Barred from all UNL campuses."
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate and a UNL student were cited and released for MIP-C which occurred at Abel Hall. The non affiliate was transported to The Bridge for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .153.
Accidental pull station.
Non UNL affiliate was hit by a foul ball at the baseball game and transported to Bryan West for further treatment.
UNL staff member reported graffiti on the north doors of Nebraska Hall.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia in a UNL parking lot.
A UNL student accidentally activated a pull station fire alarm on the second floor of The Selleck 5000 building while leaning against the wall.
UNLPD responded to a report of drug paraphernalia which was located inside of a vehicle in plain view. The vehicle was parked in a UNL parking garage. Investigation continues.
UNL staff member reported graffiti on a door at Manter Hall
Check welfare of a student who has not been seen for a month.
UNL student came to UNLPD with Uncle and reported a domestic disturbance but would not give any information to UNLPD case inactive pending new information
UNL student reported that their vehicle while parked in the HSS parking lot was hit by another vehicle which left the scene.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for stealing UNLPD's bait bike and cited/lodged for Possession of Burglar's Tools.
"Report of Hit and Run accident, investigation reveled that accident did not happen on campus."
A student reports the loss of their wallet and contents. Loss estimated at $40.00.
A student reports vehicle damage from an accident. Damage estimated at $500.00.
Non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .184.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the east Sandoz parking lot.
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Littering and No Operators License on Person on a traffic stop."
An accident between 2 UNL affiliates resulted in a combined $550 in damages.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C (.144), and Possession of False ID."
A UNL student was cited/lodged for Failure to Comply and cited/released for Urinating in Public.  BAC .294.
"A UNL student, along with a non-UNL affiliate were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .141, and .152).  The student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge."
"Non-UNL affiliate was reported passed out in hallway, placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .150."
"Non-UNL affiliate contacted for traffic violation, tested at the Bridge with .091BAC.  One UNL student, one non-UNL affiliate passengers cited MIP."
UNL student reported their laptop was taken from the West Stadium area.
A student struck a fixed object with their vehicle causing an estimated $1500.00 in damage.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and FTOTCD.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (.127), and Violation of an Automatic Traffic Signal."
An unknown UNL affiliated male was transported to an area hospital for a non-life threatening alcohol related issue.
Non UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Belated hit and run to a parked vehicle.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and White Light to Rear."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Interlock Violation."
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding 6-10 MPH over, No Insurance and DUS."
Non-student contacted and taken to The Bridge (.266 BAC).
A  window inside the Health Center had been left open by mistake.
Non-student cited/released for DUS.
Report of possible larceny from vehicle occurring in the parking lot of the Farmhouse Fraternity.
"Vehicle stopped for failure to properly signal a turn, Driver found to be in possession of a Controlled substance, cited and lodged for same."
A non UNL affiliate was in vehicle stopped for turn signal violation. This person had a warrant. A search then found them to be in possession of several drug related items. Party was cited and released for possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and lodged for 3 counts of Possession of a Controlled Substance.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Two non-UNL affiliates were cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia resulting from a traffic stop.
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley and Military Road, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited and released for DU""S and No Proof of Financial Responsibility."
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .309.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .130), and Two Headlights Required at Night."
"Vehicle stopped for fictitious plates at P Street between antelope Valley Parkway and N 20th. Driver found to be suspended and had two warrants. Driver cited and released for Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration, Lodged for DUR 2nd Offense."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Failure to Comply with a BAC of .380.
LPD located a UNL Utility vehicle off campus.  Investigation continues.
Report that UNL Police Vehicle was involved in an accident worked by LPD
"One non-UNL affiliate and three UNL students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.1 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Additionally, one student was cited/released for Theft $0-200."
A UNL student was cited/lodged for Tampering with Physical Evidence.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (.2 g) less than 1 Ounce
"Unknown person had printed flyer with racial propaganda on a shared UNL printer overnight, possibly originating from outside of UNL."
2 vehicle accident occurring in a parking lot. Estimated damages at $800.00.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (BAC .157), and No Headlights at Night."
Two non-UNL affiliates were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (12.5 g)< 1 Ounce.
A disturbance occurred between 2 students. It is an on going investigation.
Vehicle operated by Davonta J. Williams fled from an attempted traffic stop. Broadcast placed for Williams.
A UNL student reported receiving harassing/threatening calls and text messages from a known individual.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Bicycle stolen from the bike racks at Husker Hall.
Non-student contacted and taken to The Bridge (.327 BAC).
UNL student reported their wallet taken from Love Library south.
UNL student reported that FedEx had left two packages at the Neihardt desk for them which they did not receive.
A UNL student reported a belated hit and run to his vehicle. Investigation continues.
"UNL student cited/lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Minor in Possession of Alcohol."
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia
UNL student cited for Criminal Mischief and transported to the hospital by Lincoln Fire and Rescue.
UNL student report that their I phone 6 was stolen from Richards Hall.
"Two UNL students were in a verbal argument. Upon officers arrival an odor of marihuana was coming from their room in Abel Hall. One Student was cited and Lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and the other cited and released for Possession of Marijuana les than 1 oz, Minor in Possession and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia"
UNL student reported being touched inappropriately.  A suspect was contacted and identified.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .117), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-UNL affiliate cited/lodged for 3rd Degree Domestic Assault.  Investigation continues.
A student reports the theft of his bicycle and bike lock. His original report is through LPD.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .156), and Two Lights Required at Night."
UNL student reported their purse was stolen while they were in Love Library.
A Student reported social media information pertaining to multiple belated assaults involving a male suspect.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the 1033 N 16th parking lot.
A mechanical arm gate was damaged by a vehicle. Damage estimated at $50.00. The investigation is on going.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.0 g) < One Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A minor UNL student was transported to a local hospital stemming from alcohol consumption.  No citations issued.
"Two UNL students were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .153, and .189).  One student was taken to The Bridge."
UNL student was contacted after the rear window of her vehicle was found to be shattered by unknown means.
2 students were involved in a motor vehicle accident resulting in an estimated $700.00 in damage.
A student made a report of several belated assaults revealed via social media. The investigation is on-going.
A student was contacted for having paraphernalia in his vehicle. The student turned over the contraband and was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A UNL student was cited/lodged for Assault-3rd Degree, MIP-C (BAC .258), and Possession of False ID."
A UNL student was transported to a local hospital with a non-life threatening condition stemming from alcohol consumption.
A minor UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .255.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  No BAC available.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP.
A student was contacted after officers were called due to behavior consistent with a high level of intoxication. The student was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (refused PBT).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for No Taillights and DUS.
UNL cited/released for Driving Under Suspension and Two Headlights Required at Night.
A UNL student was transported to a local hospital due to intoxication.
A non-UNL student was transported to a local hospital with minor injuries.  He was released and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .171.
Non-student reported he was a victim of a robbery that occurred somewhere in downtown Lincoln.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for MIP resulting from a traffic stop.
Hit and run occurred in the parking garage. $200 damage to a vehicle.
Unidentified driver fled during an attempted traffic stop.
Money taken from an office and a keyboard damaged.
"Non UNL affiliate given Trespass policy letter for viewing porn on computes in Love Library, person escorted of campus."
"Vehicle stopped at 233 N 19th, driver found to be driving on a revoked license, driver cited for same."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. The individual was lodged on an active warrant and cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance.
UNL student reported a sexual assault. Investigation on-going.
UNL student reported their identity had been compromised by someone creating fraudulent accounts dating back to 2012.
UNL Staff reports driving a UNL vehicle and colliding with a parked car. Damage estimated at $200.00.
"UNL student cited and released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana <1oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Unlawful Acts regarding Controlled Substance."
Damage occurred off campus. Case closed.
UNL student contacted reference narcotics activity. Student cited for possession of marijuana < 1 oz.
UNL staff member suffered a medical episode.
UNL staff reported the possible belated theft of two laptops.
Sidewalk was vandalized near Hamilton Hall.
UNL student reported the belated theft of their bicycle.
UNL employee injured while at work.
UNL student contacted for possible narcotics activity. Student cited for possession of paraphernalia.
"2 vehicle, non-injury accident resulting in approximately $700.00 in damages."
A student reported vandalism to her vehicle. Damage is estimated at $25.00.
UNL student reported a lost or stolen wallet.
"Non UNL affiliate reported a vandalism to their phone, which occurred off campus. Report for documentation purposes only."
A student reports the theft of a pair of headphones. Loss estimated at $300.00.
2 vehicle non-injury accident resulting in an estimated $1500.00 in damages.
"2 students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and MIP."
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.0 g) less than 1 Ounce.
Vehicle window shattered.  Damage estimated at $400.  Investigation continues.
A minor UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .157.
Damage to the vehicle was caused by an identified subject who was throwing rocks at cars in a UNL parking lot. Investigation continues
"A UNL student found to have vandalized 4 vehicles totaling approx. $4,000 in damage.  Investigation continues."
Damage to vehicle estimated at $150.00. Suspect identified. Investigation continues.
"Damage to vehicle estimated at $2,000.  Suspect identified. Investigation continues."
"Damage to vehicle estimated at $1,000. Suspect identified. Investigation continues."
Damage to a vehicle estimated at $500.  Suspect has been identified.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was treated by LFR and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .187.
"Three UNL student were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and MIP. Two of the students were cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance."
A student suffered a medical emergency and was transported to the hospital by friends.
Non- UNL affiliate was transported to The Bridge due to intoxication.
Non UNL affiliate transported to The Bridge due to her level of intoxication.  (.226 BAC)
UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and Drug Paraphernalia.
UNLPD was dispatch to a residence hall in reference to a stolen street sign. Officers were unable to contact the persons responsible. Investigation continues.
Three UNL students were cited/released for Theft by Unlawful Taking.
Two vehicle accident occurring in the Parking garage at 1830 Vine Street.
Vehicle stopped at 17th R Street to Vine for careless driving. A probable cause search revealed a glass pipe with marijuana residue. Driver cited for for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
Hit and Run accident occurring in the 50-50 parking garage.
A UNL affiliate reported a belated accident and wanted the incident documented. Insurance information was exchanged between those involved. Case closed.
Assisted LPD in a 3rd Degree Sexual Assault occurring in the area of 13th Street between R and Q Street.
Contacted victim who does not wand to proceed with this case. Case inactive pending new information.
"Report of suspicious odor in Hardin Hall, LFR on scene who later cleared the building and was safe for occupation."
UNL staff member reported that the TV on the 9th floor of Abel hall was vandalized.
A UNL affiliate reported a belated hit and run to their vehicle. Investigation continues.
UNL student reported lost or stolen passport.
UNLPD attempted to locate a UNL student who made self harming statements off campus. Attempts to locate are ongoing.
A non UNL affiliate juvenile who has been previously Banned and Barred from all UNL property has been referred to the County Attorney for trespassing charges.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Theft of Mislaid Property <$200 and lodged on an active arrest warrant.
Disturbing mailing received at an extension office.
Skateboard stolen from the Rec Center.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated. Cited for DUI and other traffic offenses.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Criminal Mischief and cited/released for Willful Reckless Driving occurring on East Campus.
Non-UNL affiliate drove a stolen semi-truck over an emergency phone causing damage.  She was arrested for numerous offenses.
UNL student reported a belated accident in a UNL parking lot.
Two vehicle non injury accident at 40th and East Campus Loop.
UNL student reported items taken from their vehicle while parked in the kAcacia fraternity parking lot.
"UNL student cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance and No Operator's License on Person."
UNL staff member reported a hit and run occurring on R St.
A student reports the loss of his cell phone. Loss estimated at $20.00.
UNL student cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL staff reported a non injury accident involving a UNL vehicle.
A student reports the theft of a bike and bike loss. Total loss is estimated at $220.00.
A student reports the loss of their wallet. Loss is estimated at $5.00.
A student illegally discharged a fire extinguisher causing emergency services to be summoned when no emergency was present. The student was cited/released for False Reporting.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Violation of a Stop Sign."
A UNL student was transported from a UNL dorm to the hospital due to alcohol intoxication.
A non-UNL affiliate assaulted.  Transported to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries.  Investigation continues.
A UNL student was transported to The Bridge due to alcohol intoxication.
A non-affiliate was contacted due to his high level of intoxication. The party cited/released for MIPC (.252 BrAC) and transported to the hospital for evaluation.
UNL Student cited during Spring Game for MIP-C (BrAC .188).
UNL student reported belated sexual assault; does not want to proceed criminally at this time.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A student was taken to The Bridge in protective custody due to a high level of intoxication (.266 BrAC).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Third Degree Assault occurring at the Ice Box.
"A non-UNL student was cited/released for No Operator's License, No Head Lights After Dark, MIP and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz."
Non-student taken to The Bridge (.271 BAC).
UNL student taken to The Bridge (.310 BAC).
UNL student suffered non-threatening injuries after crashing on his bike.  Transported to a local hospital.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .239.
"A non-UNL affiliate reports her rental vehicle stolen.  Loss of $15,000.  Investigation continues."
"Check welfare of a UNL student who was not in immediate harm, and was ultimately turned over to her mother."
UNL student reported the theft of his debit card from his vehicle.
A false ID was turned into UNLPD.
UNL student's lost/stolen debit card was fraudulently used off campus.
UNL student reported that their stolen N card was used for make unauthorized transactions.
"A Non UNL affiliate was observed driving a vehicle on East Campus. Driver had a revoked license, cited and released for DUR."
A non-UNL Affiliate was cited released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Open Container.
A UNL student reported a belated hit and run to their vehicle. Investigation continues.
A UNL student reported receiving concerning posts via social media. Investigation continues.
UNL vehicle involved in a two vehicle non injury accident .
"Vehicle stopped for an LPD broadcast, passenger found to be in possession of marijuana. Passenger cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A UNL student reported a belated hit and run to their vehicle occurring in a UNL parking lot. Investigation continues.
Investigation into alcohol procurement to minors.  Investigation continues.
UNL affiliate attempted to inhibit investigation of incident on campus.
A student struck a parked vehicle while driving. Damage is estimated at $2000.00.
UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A UNL student was cited/released for DWI (BAC .108), Leaving the Scene of an Accident, MIP-C, Negligent Driving, and No Operators License on Person."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer.  Issued Trespass Policy Letter.
"A UNL student cited/lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A male student had unwanted sexual intercourse with a female student in his dorm room.
A non-affiliate was contacted due to extreme intoxication. He was cited/released to The Bridge (.419 BrAC) for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Agg. DWI (BAC .197), and Wrong Way on a One Way."
UNL Police were notified of a criminal violation being investigated by an outside agency involving a UNL Student.
A student reported the theft of their bicycle. The loss is estimated at $100.00.
Fist shaped hole discovered in a wall.  Damage estimated at $100.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C (.251), and False Reporting."
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .230.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and FTOTCD.
A non-UNL affiliate placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge (BAC .170).
A 2 vehicle non-injury accident resulted in an estimated $1750.00 damages.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C with a BAC of .212.
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to a hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Non-student taken to The Bridge (.260 BAC).
UNL student cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-UNL affiliate came into contact with an unknown substance that caused the soles on his shoes to melt.
Report of a lost passport.
Belated disturbance between a UNL employee and a non-UNL affiliate.
Non-student cited for DUR and lodged for Criminal Impersonation along with three warrants.
"UNL student cited/released for minor in possession, possession of marijuana <1oz., and possession of drug paraphernalia."
Two UNL students were cited/released for MIP and one of the students was also cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Small dumpster fire extinguished by UNLPD and LFR.
A UNL student was cited/released for possession of drug paraphernalia and another student was lodged in jail for an active warrant.
A student reports the theft of clothing by persons known to them. Loss estimated at $150.00.
A student reports the theft of clothing. The suspects are known to the victim. Loss estimated at $150.00.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A student reports a hit and run accident to his motorcycle resulting in approximately $500 in damages.
"A minor UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .125), MIP-C, and Speeding (6-10)."
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .198.
Non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop for negligent driving. Driver was found to be intoxicated and cited lodged for 4th offense DUI. (.118 BAC)
"City drainage tube, which runs onto UNL property was vandalized by graffiti. LPD made aware of report. No suspects."
A student reports the theft of his bicycle. Loss estimated at $500.00.
A non-student reports a hit and run accident to their car. Damage estimated at $1000.00.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  No BAC was acquired.
A student reports fraudulent charges made on her credit card. The loss is estimated at $139.00. An investigation is on-going.
A UNL affiliate was issued a UNL Trespass Ban & Bar notice and cited/released for Second Degree Trespass.
A UNL student was cited/released for DUI >.150 and transported to the Bridge for further care.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUI <.150, No Headlights After Dark and No proof of Financial Responsibility."
Two UNL students were cited/released for Theft by Shoplifting occurring at the Abel/Sandoz C-Store.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Report of UNL student procuring alcohol to minors.
UNL student reported that his stolen visa card had  been used.
UNL student report their wallet stolen while at the Campus Recreation Center.
Disturbance in Architect Hall between employees.
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana< 1oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Contacted an intoxicated male in the Champions Club parking lot. Transported male to the Bridge and turned over to staff with a BAC of .343
A student reports the theft of his bicycle. The loss is estimated at $230.00.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .195.
A non-UNL affiliate placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .060.
"Non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and was found to be in possession of paraphernalia, Cited and released."
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A UNL student who is banned and barred from the UNL Bookstore was observed inside of the store.
UNL staff member reported concerning behavior from another co-worker.
A student reports the theft of their bicycle. Loss estimated at $470.00.
A student reports a hit and run accident to their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $300.00.
UNL Staff reports damage to a sculpture created by a skateboard. The damage estimate is unknown at this time.
A staff member reports vandalism to his vehicle. The damage is estimated at $500.00.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding 6-10 MPH, No Operator's License, Open Alcohol Container, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Possession of Marijuana< 1 oz. Cited/Lodged for Resisting Arrest and Tamper with Physical Evidence."
"A window was damaged at The Village, no cause or suspects at this time. Investigation continues."
UNL student reported her television stolen.
A UNL Student was identified entering an area they have been banned from. The student has not been contacted at this time.
A UNL Student reported his bike was stolen from the bike rack on the northwest corner of Abel Hall.
A non- UNL affiliate juvenile was cited/released for DUS and having a White Light to the Rear.
"Non-student cited/released for Refusal PBT, Refusal Chemical Test, and Headlights Required After Dark."
UNL student reported their bike take from bike rack by the northwest corner of Memorial Stadium.
Hit and run to a vehicle in the garage. Suspect identified.
Two non-UNL affiliates (Minors) were found to be in possession of alcohol. One was a juvenile and referred to the County Attorney for charges and the other was cited/released for MIP.
UNL employee reported their bike was stolen from the bike racks located on the southwest corner of Nebraska Hall.
UNL staff member reported their bike taken from the south side of Whittier Building.
"A student reports his bicycle stolen. The loss is estimated at $1,000.00."
A student reports the theft of their bicycle and lock. The total loss is estimated at $420.00.
Report of a bicycle larceny. $500 loss.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .220.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Unauthorized Entry into a Motor Vehicle.  Banned and Barred from all campuses.
"A non-UNL affiliate was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .165.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.25 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Non-UNL affiliate was contacted for possible narcotics activity. Party found to be in possession of marijuana and also found to be banned and barred. Cited for possession and trespassing.
2 non-affiliates were contacted for stealing a bicycle. 1 party was cited/released for Theft by Unlawful Taking ($75.00).
A student reports several items of nominal value lost or stolen. The investigation is on-going.
A UNL student reported losing their passport.
Damage to a window located at Nebraska Hall.
"A non-affiliate was cited for DUS, No Insurance and No Registration on a traffic stop."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Headlights After Dark.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DUI and No headlights.
UNL Student placed into protective custody due to inability to care for himself due to his intoxication level (BrAC: .146).
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into CPC and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A UNL student reported a theft of his Bicycle from the racks west of Abel Hall. Investigation ongoing.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DUI, Refuse Chemical Test and No Headlights After Dark."
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the Area 10 loop by Morrill Hall.
Possible bike theft caught on camera at The Village southeast bike racks. Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and for Violating a Traffic Signal.
UNL staff member cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance & cited/released for No Operator's License and Failing to Stop at a posted stop sign.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS and three active warrants.
Non-student cited/lodged for Obstructing a Peace Officer and cited/released for Theft by Unlawful Taking after stealing a bike.
"A UNL student was cited/released for Stop Sign violation, DUI, Obstructing a Peace Officer and cited/lodged for Resisting Arrest."
"Contacted person in Whittier Building who was trespassing, person given trespass policy letter and they left the building."
Attempted stop on a silver Pontiac Grand Prix with no license plates displayed. Vehicle did not stop for red lights and siren and sped away from officers.
UNL student reported that their backpack and contents were taken from Love Library.
"Vehicle stopped at N 16th and R street for expired registration. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, No Insurance and no Valid Registration and released."
UNL student reported the theft of their backpack while in Love Library.
A non-affiliate was contacted for placing trash in a UNL Dumpster. He was issued a Trespass Policy Letter.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .301.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .225.
UNL non-affiliate reported a bike stolen from campus.
Off campus Affiliate made suicidal statements. Handled by appropriate law enforcement entity.
UNL student was involved in a bike accident when they struck a pole and were thrown from their bike.
A UNL student was cited/released for MIP.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DWI > .15 (.156), and Speeding (11-15)."
A non-affiliate reports his vehicle stolen from a campus street. The loss is estimated at $2500.00.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS, and Two Headlights Required After Dark."
"Report of a small fire caused by chemical reactions.  $3,000 non-structural damage."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Improper Display of Plates and DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge due to being intoxicated.
"A Non UNL affiliate took the UNL bait bike from the area of the Village. Party stopped at Y Street and N 23rd. Party was lodged for Refusing to Comply with a Peace Officer, Criminal Impersonation and an outstanding warrant, and cited and released for Theft by Unlawful Taking."
Report of a disturbance on the north side of the Bob Devaney Sports Center.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Report of concerning emails; no criminal violation at this time.  Investigation continues.
Two vehicle non injury accident occurring in the lot east of the Jackie Gaughan Center
UNLPD assisted LPD with a single car accident involving an intoxicated driver.
"Contacted person in Mabel Lee for going into offices, person given Trespass Policy Letter."
"3 UNL students were cited/released for MIP-C with BACs of .026, .058, and .170.  One party transported to The Bridge."
"2 non-UNL affiliates were placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge (BACs: .242, and .252)."
Received a belated disturbance report at the Dental College.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Speeding (6-10)."
Contacted Non UNL affiliate who was flying a Drone west of Selleck Hall.
Two non-UNL affiliates were given UNL Trespass Policy letters for skateboarding at the Sheldon Art Museum.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding and Possession of Marijuana < 1oz.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and the passenger was lodged on an active warrant.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUI and No Proof of Insurance.
Non UNL affiliate reported the theft of money from a vehicle parked by the Ice Box on Innovation Campus.
"Report of possible disturbance on East Campus, person contacted and given Trespass policy letter."
Assorted tools were stolen from a construction site.
A UNL affiliate who has been previously ban/barred from UNL campus was cited/lodged for Trespassing at Nebraska Hall.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for a Stop Sign violation, Violating a Traffic Signal and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Violating a Stop Sign and DUI.
UNL staff member reported a disturbing post on Facebook.
Report of bike taken from the Northeast bike rack of the Whitter Building.
UNL student that there vehicle had be hit while parked in the T Street Meters by the Schorr Center.
A UNL student reports the theft of his bicycle.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and No Valid Registration."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUI (BAC .108), and FTOTCD."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce (3.5 g), and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and No Valid Registration."
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to a local area hospital by LFR.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and 2 Headlights Required After Dark.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Driving Under Suspension.
unintentional scratch marks documented.
Fence was damaged on East Campus.
Bicycle stolen from bike racks on the southeast corner of Jorgensen Hall.
Contacted an intoxicated male in the  City Union. Male taken to the Bridge and turned over to staff with a .190 BAC.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Fishing Without a Permit.
Two non-UNL affiliate juveniles were contacted for suspicious behavior at the Vine Street apartments.
UNL student suffered a medical emergency from alcohol consumption and was transported to a local hospital for treatment.
UNL affiliate sought medical attention at the UNL Health Center in regards to a belated possible assault. Victim did not wish to report the incident to law enforcement.
Non UNL affiliate was stopped at N22nd and Vine and found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Insurance.
Staff member reported money missing from their desk in Mabel Lee Hall
"Old prop revolver found at Law College,turned into UNLPD for disposal."
A non UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C (BAC .241).
"UNL property damaged by a delivery truck as the truck drove under fiber optic cables, which were attached to the building."
A non-UNL affiliate was issued a Trespass Policy Letter.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possessing an Open Alcohol Container in a Motor Vehicle, and FTOTCD."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Improper turn and DUS.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for No Taillights, No Proof of Financial Responsibility, DUS, DUI < .15 and lodged on two active warrants . A non-UNL affiliate passenger was cited/released for having an Open Alcohol Container."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS, and cited for a Headlight Violation."
A 22 year old UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .227.
UNL PD officers observed a possible suspect in an assault that had just occurred and assisted LPD in his apprehension.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
"A UNL affiliate was cited/released for Disobeying a Traffic Control Device, Driving at Night Without Headlights, MIP and DUI < .15. The PR are was left in the care of Bridge staff."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited and lodged for Violation of a Protection order.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody due to alcohol intoxication and transported to The Bridge for further care.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .132), and Fail to Signal Turn."
Non UNL affiliate stopped for expired registration. Marihuana was found in the vehicle. Driver cited for Possession of Marihuana < 1 oz. and possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
Non UNL affiliate report losing them Navy ID while jogging on Campus.
Stadium security reported a leaking pipe on the east side of Memorial Stadium. Damage was estimated at $200.
Damage to a UNL-owned vehicle (estimated at $850).
A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Vehicle damaged by unknown means.
Report of suspicious person outside a room in The Courtyards.
"Vehicle stopped for no front plate at Antelope Valley Parkway and N 17th St. Driver found to be in possession of Marijuana and open container. Driver cited for MIP, Open Container, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released."
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and N 17th St. for no plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Valid registration and released.
UNL affiliate was issued a UNL Trespass Policy Letter.
"Vehicle observed driving recklessly on Antelope Valley Parkway. Vehicle approached in the parking lot of 1931 AVP. Smell of marijuana was coming from vehicle. Driver cited for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and released, passenger cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"Vehicle stopped at 22nd and Vine for improper turn. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, Fictitious Plates and Improper Turn and released."
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .162), and Speeding (11-15)."
UNL employee reported concerning texts received from another employee.
UNL staff member reported a camera was taken from their office in Keim Hall.
Vehicle stopped on Salt Creed Road between 14th St and Stadium Drive for no plates or paper. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and No Valid Registration and released.
Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and O Street. Driver found to be suspended. Diver cited for DUS and released.
A student reports the theft of her bike and bike lock. Loss estimated at $140.00.
A student reports the theft of his backpack and contents. Loss estimated at $1635.00.
A student reports the theft of their bike and bike lock. Loss estimated at $160.00.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.0 g) < 1 Ounce.  Lodged at jail for 3 active arrest warrants.
UNLPD assisted LPD on a traffic stop.
UNLPD received the report of a trespassing inside of the City Union.
Staff member from Hamilton Hall reported several toner cartridges were missing from their office.
Officer attempted to stop a vehicle for no plates or paper and the vehicle fled from officer at a high rate of speed. Officer did not pursue.
A non-UNL affiliate was treated by LFR after falling down in the street. The individual was transported to a local hospital for further care.
A non-UNL affiliate reported a disturbance involving a male which followed them to Abel Hall. Investigation is ongoing.
Backpack containing a new ipad Pro was missing from Neihardt.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI > .150, Making an Improper Turn and Failing to Signal"
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking and also lodged on an active warrant.
"A non-UNL affiliate juvenile was lodged at the YAC for active warrants.  Cited/released for DUS.  A non-UNL affiliate passenger was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.4 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-affiliate was cited and released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate reports the loss of an Apple Iphone 5s with accessory.  Total loss valued at $280.  Investigation continues.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for violating Parks After Hours ordinance.
A suspect trespassed into the closed Subway business after store hours. No loss or damage.
UNL employee reporting the loss/theft of a tool from a work truck.
A Staff member reports a hit and run accident to her vehicle. Damage is estimated at $300.00.
Two juveniles contacted for possessing marijuana edibles. They were referred to the County Attorney's Office.
An air handler malfunctioning caused smoke on the first floor of the residence hall. The Director pulled the fire alarm to evacuate the building. There is no damage and all residents were allowed to return shortly after the issue was found.
Non-student cited for a stop sign violation and DWI (.252 BAC). She was taken to The Bridge.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding 16-20 MPH and DUI < .15 and Turned over to a Bridge staff member for further care.
"A student reports the theft of his 2004 Ford Truck. The loss is estimated at $5,300.00."
Vehicle stopped at 17th and Vine Street for malfunctioning taillight. Driver found not to have license. Driver cited for No Operators License and Taillight Violation.
A UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody due to alcohol intoxication. The individual was transported to The Bridge for further care.
A UNL affiliate reported his bicycle stolen from the 50/50 Apartment complex bike racks. Investigation continues.
"Non UNL affiliate cited/released for DUS, failure to use turn signal, and no proof of insurance."
A UNL staff member reported a belated vandalism to a patio umbrella. Due to a lack of video and no witnesses this case was made inactive.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and three local active warrants. The individual was also cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted due to suspicious activity occurring at Andersen Hall. One of the individuals was cited/released for Trespassing as they had been previously served a UNL Ban & Bar notice. The other individual was given a UNL Trespass Policy Notice.
"Non UNL affiliate reported that he almost got scammed, and need a police report to get a refund on the item that he had purchased for the scammer."
Vehicle stopped for failure to use turn signal. Driver had two warrants and was cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and transported to jail.
Non UNL affiliate contacted for a disturbance at the Jazz in June event. Person taken to the Bridge and turned over to staff. Ban and Bar was also given to this person.
UNL employee reported a belated disturbance.
A non-affiliate was cited and released for DUS.
UNL staff member reported the loss of their wallet in the area of 13th and R Street.
A male non-student forcefully grabbed a female non-student by the arm and pulled her; couple were involved in a prior dating relationship.
A student reports unauthorized access to a social media account. Safety planing was completed and the student was encouraged to change access passwords to her account.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Urinating in Public.  Transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .162.
A non-UNL affiliated juvenile was referred to the County Attorney for Trespassing.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (.172 BAC), and No Headlights/Tail Lights at Night."
UNL staff member reported a possible disturbance in the M & N Building.
A non-UNL affiliate reports losing his wallet and contents.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Two Headlights Required at Night."
3 juveniles were contacted and issued Trespass Policy Letters after removing a fire extinguisher from construction equipment and discharging it.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Aggravated DWI (.153 BAC), and No Headlights at Night."
Vehicle stopped at 21st and Y Street for speeding. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for Driving Under suspension and speeding 6-10 MPH and released.
"Vehicle stopped at Antelope Valley Parkway and Military Road, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released."
Vehicle stopped on 12th Street and P Street for expired license plates. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and Expired Registration and released.
Report of a stolen microphone and stand.
A non-affiliate was cited and lodged for DUS after a traffic stop.
A non-affiliate was cited released for DUS and lodged in jail on a warrant.
A staff member reports a window broken on their vehicle and a purse stolen from inside. Damage is estimated at $400.00 and the loss is estimated at $50.00.
A UNL Affiliate reports a window being broken on their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $400.00.
A student was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.0 g) less than 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Speeding (6-10)."
Accident reported involving a state vehicle.
UNL employee reported the theft of two bicycles that were locked to bike racks.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNL employee reported construction equipment and vehicles had tires damaged on them while parked in a UNL lot.
UNL employee reported construction equipment and vehicles had tires damaged on them while parked in a UNL lot.
UNL employee reported construction equipment and vehicles had tires damaged on them while parked in a UNL lot.
UNL employee reported construction equipment and vehicles had tires damaged on them while parked in a UNL lot.
Hit and run accident to UNL Property. Damage estimate is unknown at this time.
Two UNL affiliates were cited/released for MIP and Having an Open Alcohol Container. One affiliate was also cited for Failing to Obey a Traffic Signal Device.
A non- UNL affiliate was lodged in jail for three active warrants and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana less than an Ounce and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
One UNL affiliate and one non-UNL affiliate were placed into Civil Protective Custody due to being unable to care for themselves while on campus.
Vehicle tires were damaged by an unknown person(s) over the weekend.
Report of a vandalism to construction equipment.
Report of a vandalism to construction equipment.
UNL student reported that his bike was taken from the south rack by the Farmhouse Fraternity.
UNL student reported sending money to Italy for renting a house in Switzerland and found out website that was used did not exist anymore.
Non UNL affiliate reported that a flag with the words Luxury Student Living was stolen from the 50/50 Building.
"Three juveniles were referred to the Lancaster County Attorneys Office for charges including, Possession of Marijuana less than 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. One juvenile was cited for Violating an Automatic Traffic Signal."
A UNL staff member reported a belated indecent exposure involving campers staying at Smith and Schramm Hall. There are no reported Victims or PR's
Non-UNL affiliate was lodged in jail for Disturbing the Peace and cited for Trespassing at a construction site.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Two non-UNL affiliate juveniles were contacted due to suspicious behavior near the 50/50 Building. One juvenile was given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter.
A unknown vehicle struck a parking lot sign and then left the area. Damage is estimated at $200.00.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and FTOTCD."
A non-UNL affiliate reports losing her iphone 6.
Two non-affiliated juveniles were issued trespass policy letters.  One non-affiliated juvenile banned and barred from UNL campus. No citations issued.
Vehicle belonging to a contractor damaged while parked in a UNL parking lot.
UNL student reported that their vehicle had been hit while parked in the T Street meter lot near Manter Hall.
Non UNL affiliate reported that they had lost their iPhone in the Lied Center.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (12.6 g) less than 1 Ounce.
2 non-UNL affiliates cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  1 non-UNL affiliate cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (29 g) 1 oz-1 lb.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Insurance, No Valid Registration, and Speeding (6-10)."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Two Headlights Required at Night."
A non-UNL affiliate placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .152.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, and Two Headlights Required at Night."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for no Front License Plate, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
One vehicle accident in the 14th and Avery lot.
Past UNL employee did not return four computers.
Report of a disturbance between a UNL employee and UNL student.
A UNL affiliate was cited/released for Violating a Stop Sign and DUS.
Officers responded to a belated trespass at 200 Q Street. A non UNL affiliate was lodged for Resisting Arrest and cited/released for 1st Degree Trespass and Obstructing a Peace Officer.
A non-UNL affiliate juvenile was given a UNL Trespass Ban & Bar notice. The juvenile had been previously given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter (August 2015).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and lodged for an active warrant.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Driving at Night Without Headlights and DUS.
UNL student was stopped for speeding and found to have a suspended license. Student was cited and released from scene.
"Non-UNL affiliate was cited for possession of marijuana and paraphernalia, after the driver of the vehicle they were in was contacted reference an outstanding warrant."
"UNL staff reported an accident occurring in the Champions Club lot, involving personally owned vehicles."
UNL student's vehicle sustained damage while parked in a UNL surface lot.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for MIP (BAC .093), and Possession of an Open Alcohol Container."
A UNL student reports $200.00 being taken from their wallet.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, and Taillight Violation."
A non-UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody due to alcohol intoxication and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A UNL Affiliate reports an unknown male stole items from his vehicle then made unauthorized charges on one of his accounts. Total loss at this time $1208.51.
"Three non-UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. Two of the three were cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Open Container. The driver was cited for Open Container, Possession of Marijuana <1oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, Failure to Signal Turn and No Driver's License."
Vehicle stopped at N 16th and U Street for no front plate. Driver found to be revoked. Driver cited for Driving while Revoked and Improper display of Plates and released.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and lodged in jail for an active warrant.
Three individuals were contacted regarding a theft occurring on east campus. One individual was cited/released for Theft by Unlawful Taking and two juveniles were referred to the County Attorney for charges.
Purse and contents stolen from a vehicle.
"Vehicle stopped at 33rd and Starr street for no plates or papers. A passenger was later found to have marihuana on their person, and another passenger had a warrant. One person cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released. One person taken to jail for a warrant."
A UNL affiliate was cited/released for Failing to Display Two License Plates and DUS.
UNL student cited/released for Careless Driving.
UNL employee reported concerns regarding another employee.  No criminal violations discovered.
"A non-UNL affiliate driver was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, Fictitious Plates, and No Valid Registration.  A non-UNL affiliate passenger was cited/lodged for Making False Statements."
Documentation of an on view bicycle larceny with no victim at this time.  Unknown loss value.
Bike taken form the Courtyards bike rack.
A non-affiliate reports the theft of an iPad from an unlocked vehicle. The loss is estimated at $300.00.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS on a traffic stop.
LFR responded to a fire alarm at NETV.
Vehicle stopped on 07/29/2016 for a traffic violation. A non-UNL affiliate provided a false name and was later found to have a suspended license. Case forwarded to the County Attorney for amended charges on the original citation.
A UNL Affiliate reported concerning statement made on social media by a former student. No persons were found to be in danger upon investigation.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI (BAC .209), Possession of Marijuana less than 1 Ounce (0.03 g), and Refuse Pre-Test."
An intoxicated 22 year old UNL student was cited/lodged at Corrections for Obstructing a Peace Officer.  No BAC acquired.
A non-affiliate was cited for DUS and lodged on warrants after a traffic stop.
A UNL affiliate was cite/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. Another UNL affiliate was cited/released for No Proof of Financial Responsibility and Acts Declared Unlawful (Fake ID).
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Speeding 6-10 MPH and Driving Under the Influence <.15
A UNL student was cited/released for Speeding 6-10 mph over and Possession of Marijuana > 1oz.
Portable electric paint sprayer stolen.
Suspicious document located on numerous campus printers.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. 2nd. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. One was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. The other was cited/released for MIP.
Two non-UNL affiliates were cited/released for MIP and having an Open Alcohol Container.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for having an Open Alcohol Container inside a vehicle.
Loss wallet and contents.
UNL student reported their lost or stolen credit card was fraudulently used this date.
UNL staff member feels that they are being stalked.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A non-affiliate was contacted for excess intoxication. The person was placed in protective custody and transported to The Bridge (refused PBT).
"2 non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop. Both were lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance. 1 was also lodged on 4 warrants and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. The 2nd was cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-affiliate reports losing her purse on campus. The loss is estimated at $30.00.
A non-affiliate was cited and released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .348.
Report of threatening statements made online towards a UNL student.
UNL staff member reported their bike had been taken from the bike rack by Avery Hall.
A student reports the theft of their bicycle. Loss estimated at $500.00.
5 non-UNL affiliated (2 juveniles) males were Ban and Barred from UNL for attempting to steal bicycles.  One male cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer.
UNL employee received a threatening email.  Investigation continues.
UNL student engaged in harassing behaviors off campus.
2 vehicle accident resulting in an estimated $3400.00 in damages.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Aggravated DWI (BAC .156), and Speeding (11-15)."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DWI (BAC .098), No Operators License, and Speeding (21-30)."
"A non-UNL affiliate was/cited lodged for Possession of Marijuana (114.4 g) with the Intent to Deliver.  Cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, and Taillight Violation."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUR.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for making False Statements and lodged for a local active warrant.
A UNL affiliate was placed into Civil Protective Custody due to alcohol intoxication. The individual was transported to The Bridge for further care.
UNL student engaged in concerning behavior.  Case referred to DOS/Title IX.
"Vehicle stopped at 1931 Antelope Valley Pkwy, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and refusal to sign traffic citation."
A UNL affiliate was cited/released for Theft of Unlawful Taking $0-$200 occurring at the 50/50 garage.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Trespassing and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Water bottle taken from Rec Center
"Stopped vehicle for Littering, driver found to be suspended."
"Traffic stop, driver found to be suspended"
A non-UNL affiliate was cited and released for DUS.
Vehicle backing up hit dumpster.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (.4 g methamphetamine).  Cited/released for DUI-D, DUS, Refuse Chemical Test, Straddle Lane Lines, and Change Course with out Signaling."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Aggravated DWI (BAC .189).  Cited/released for Stop Sign Violation, and Straddling Lane Lines."
Tools taken from construction site at 1710 Arbor Drive.
"3 non-UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop and cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Additionally, The driver was cited/released for DUS.  One of the passengers was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (methamphetamine)."
"A narcotics complaint was received resulting in a citation being issued to a UNL student for Possession of Marijuana (6.6 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
An affiliate reports a disturbance with an aggressive salesperson.
A UNL student with an active warrant was transported to The Bridge (BAC .307) to safely detox before proceeding to Corrections.
"A report of a missing adult was made to UPD. The missing person (Nebraska student) was found, evaluated at a local hospital and released."
A UNL student was transported to The Bridge for safe detoxification (BAC .271 on a partial sample).
A UNL student was transported to The Bridge for a safe detoxification (BAC .225).
Non-affiliate contacted on a traffic stop where the vehicle was not displaying license plates or papers. The non-affiliated driver was cited/released for DUS and No Insurance.
Officer ID'd non-affiliated driver to be suspended using MDT. Cited/released for DUS.
A non-UNL affiliate was observed driving on a suspended license.  Cited/lodged for DUS due to prior violations/FTA.
Vandalism to a motor vehicle consisting of a broken window.  $300 in damages.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .144), and No Headlights at Night."
Non-UNL affiliate contacted for suspicious activity. Lodged on an unrelated warrant and given a Trespass Policy Letter.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking $0-$200 (Bicycle) and for Trespassing 2nd Degree (Previously Banned & Barred from all campus).
An air-conditioning unit malfunctioned causing it to smoke.  No damage to the fraternity.
UNL student continues to send unwanted messages to a UNL employee after being directed to cease contact.
UNL employee reported his bicycle was stolen from the bike rack west of the building.
"Vehicle stopped for wrong way one way, the four persons in the vehicle were cited for Open Container, Driving Wrong Way on One way No Valid Registration and Possession of Marihuana < 1oz and released."
Non UNL affiliate contacted for traffic violations.  During the contact narcotics were located.  Cited/lodged for Possession of Controlled Substance and Intent to Deliver Controlled Substance.
An intoxicated male was contacted by UNLPD. UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C.
UNL student contacted and determined to be intoxicated.  Also found in possession of a controlled substance and a false ID. Lodged in jail.
Non UNL affiliate was issued a Trespass Policy Letter after being identified as someone who has cause issues in the building recently.
"Non-reportable accident, which damaged a vehicle and parking meter."
Officer smelled marijuana emitting from a vehicle during a traffic stop. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. 3rd offense and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"During a traffic stop the driver was found to be in possession of marijuana. A probable cause search of the vehicle yielded a glass pipe which tested positive for amphetamines. A non- UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance and cited/released for Speeding, DUS, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Report of an intoxicated person at a fraternity. A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C and Failure to Comply with a Citation.
Report of an intoxicated male at the Aspen apartments. A non- UNL affiliate was cited/released for MIP-C.
A UNL student reported the theft of his bicycle valued at $414.  No suspects at this time.  Investigation is ongoing.
An affiliate reports the theft of a pair of headphones. Loss estimated at $100.00.
UNL staff members reported receiving a harassing email but no criminal violation was established.
UNL student reported concerning behavior of a former UNL students.
2 UNL students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.7 g) < 1 Ounce following a narcotics complaint.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.6 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia following a traffic stop."
A non-UNL affiliate was issued a Trespass Policy Letter after being contacted inside of a UNL building after hours with no legitimate reason.
A pull station was activated by unknown person(s). No fire or damage.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop, and ultimately cited/released for DUS, Possession of Marijuana (4.5 g), < 1 Ounce, MIP, and Possession of an Open Alcohol Container in a Motor Vehicle."
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.3 g) < 1 Ounce, and Improper Turn."
An 18 year old student was transported to The Bridge following a disturbance with Housing staff.  Cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .270.
UNLPD received a video of UNL students possible engaging in unbecoming conduct.
Student reported the theft of a sign from in front of their future sorority house.
A student report the theft of their bicycle seat. Loss estimated at $40.00.
An affiliate reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $150.00.
"A non-UNL affiliate was observed to steal a bike on city campus.  He was cited/lodged for Theft by Unlawful Taking < $200.  He was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.2 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (marijuana) with Intent to Deliver (33.35 g).
A student was cited and released for Littering after he admitted to urinating in a UNL parking lot.
A student reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $500.00.
"Vehicle stopped at Salt Creek Roadway and N. Antelope Valley Parkway. A non-UNL affiliate (driver) was cited/released for Disobeying a Traffic Control Device, Possession of Marijuana < 1oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Open Container. A non- UNL passenger was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. A second passenger (non- UNL affiliate) was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. A third passenger (non- UNL affiliate) was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance."
"Vehicle stopped at Salt Creek Roadway from Stadium Dr. to N.14th St. A UNL student was cited/released for Speeding 21-35 mph over, DWI > .150, MIP and Possessing an Open Alcohol Container. Another AUNL student (passenger) was cited/released for MIP, Possessing an Open Alcohol Container and Possessing a Fake ID."
"A vehicle was stopped for speeding at Salt Creek Roadway and Stadium Dr. Three UNL students were cited/released for MIP, Possession of Marijuana < 1oz., Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Fake ID"
Vehicle stopped at N. 14th and Q St. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Wrong Way on One Way and DUI > .150.
Report of broken window at the Theta Xi Fraternity.
UNL student reported that their Iphone was stolen in the area of 14th and Vine.
A report of an intoxicated male near Henzlik Hall. Two UNL students and one non-UNL affiliate were cited/released for MIP-C.
Two UNL students were taken to The Bridge after being contacted for intoxication.  Both cited for MIP (.174 & .120 BAC) and one for False ID.
"A vehicle was stopped at N. Antelope Valley Parkway and X Street for no license plates. A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DUI .02, MIP, No Proof of Insurance and No Operator's License"
UNL staff member received disturbing message on their printer.
Report of Hit and Run in UNL lot.
Unknown male trespassed onto City Power Plant grounds.
UNL student reported damage to their vehicle while parked on Campus.
Non UNL affiliate contacted after acting suspiciously near the bank.  He was given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter.
"Report of possible narcotics usage at Sandoz Hall on the 6th floor. UNL student was cited/lodged for Distributing a Controlled Substance within 1,000' of a School. Cited for Possession of a Controlled Substance, Possession of Money in Violation of 28-416 and Tampering with Physical Evidence."
UNL student reported their bicycle stolen from the east side of the building.
A vehicle was stopped at Salt Creek Roadway and N. 21st St. due to the driver having a warrant. A non-UNL affiliate passenger was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A wallet and its contents were possibly lost inside of the building.
Report of money missing from a cash register.
Report of money missing from the sale of parking spaces during the volleyball scrimmage.
UNL student reported that her iPad was lost or stolen over the weekend.
A student reports the theft of their bike by the cable lock being cut. Total amount of loss and damages estimated at $620.00.
UNL student reported their wallet stolen from a Star Tran Bus..
UNL student reported that unknown person(s) used their stolen debit card at a local store.
"Vehicle stopped for speeding, driver found to be suspended. Cited for DUS and Speeding."
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted as a passenger on a traffic stop.  The male party was transported to Corrections for an active warrant and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (7.7 g) < 1 Ounce.
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .124), and Improper Turn."
A student was cited/released for Possession of a False ID after the ID was turned over officers by a citizen.
A student reports a person not known to them revealing a firearm contained in a backpack. No threats were made and the firearm was not displayed to the public. A suspect has not been located at this time.
UNL student reported their vehicle was hit while parked in a meter north of The Village.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, and Two Headlights Required."
"2 non-UNL affiliates contacted on a traffic stop for a vehicle defect.  The driver was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Two Headlights Required.  The passenger was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  7.6 g of Marijuana seized from both parties."
"A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for MIP, No Valid Registration, and No Proof of Insurance."
"A UNL student (minor) was contacted on a traffic stop for several infractions.  She was found to be intoxicated and ultimately cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .115), MIP-C, FTOTCD, and Improper Turn."
An intoxicated non-UNL affiliate (minor) was contacted after attempting to break into vehicles.  Cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C (BAC .167).  Issued Ban and Bar letter.
Check welfare of a UNL student.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  She was ultimately cited/released to a sober party for Aggravated DWI (BAC .243), and Violation of a Stop Sign."
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (amphetamine).  He was cited/released for DWI (BAC .138), and Stop Sign Violation."
Bicycle stolen from the racks on the northeast side of the building.
LFR and UNLPD dispatched to a cigarette trash receptacle on fire.
A student reports the loss of several identify cards. No monetary loss.
3 juveniles were contacted for skateboarding with the potential to cause damage to property. Issued trespass policy letters and released.
A UNL student (minor) was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .285.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
A 19 year old UNL student was transported to a local area hospital ER by LFR after suffering symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.  Condition was determined to be non-life threatening.
A UNL student (minor) was transported to a local hospital by LFR for a non-life threatening condition consistent with alcohol poisoning.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .148), and Speeding (6-10)."
A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop for several violations.  She was ultimately cited/released to a sober party for Aggravated DWI (BAC .181) and Careless Driving.
A non-UNL affiliate provided officers a false name during an investigation.  He was cited/lodged for Criminal Impersonation and was also lodged for 2 active warrants.
Non-UNL affiliate contacted on a traffic stop and found to be suspended. Cited and released.
Vehicle stopped at N. Antelope Valley Parkway and Saunders Ave. for a traffic violation. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS and White Light to the Rear.
"Following a disturbance, a UNL student was cited/released to the Bridge for MIP-C (BAC .128), and 8 counts of Disturbing the Peace."
A non-UNL affiliate was transported to a local hospital by LFR for non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted as a passenger on a traffic stop and was arrested for 2 active warrants.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.8 g) < 1 Ounce.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  Cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .156).
A UNL student was transported to a local hospital by LFR for non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
A UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge.  Cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .258).
UNL student reported that he suffered injuries which occurred in the Phi Gamma Delta house.
"A vehicle was stopped at N. 17th St. and Q St. for a traffic violation. The driver then fled and was ultimately apprehended on the west side of Smith Hall. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Flee to Avoid Arrest and Failure to Comply. The individual was cited/released for DUS, Disobeying a Traffic Control Device, Willful Reckless and Possession of a Weapon by a Prohibited Person."
UNL student reported a hit and run accident in the 50/50 Garage.
Report of possible narcotics usage.
UNL student reported hit and run accident occurring in the lot south of The Village.
UNL student report their Sony Zperia phone missing.
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation at N. 15th St. and U St. A UNL student was cited/released for Wrong Way on a One Way, Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Vehicle was stopped for no license plates. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Officer identified driver to be suspended using MDT. Cited/released for DUS and lodged for an active warrant.
UNL staff reported the theft of a UNL sign from the interior of a building.
Report of concerning emails from party located outside of Lincoln.
UNL received report of concerns involving a non-UNL affiliate.
"Vehicle stopped on Q Street 16th -14th, driver found to be suspended, cited for same and released."
UNL student reported a Hit and Run accident occurring in the lot northwest of the East Rec Center.
UNL student reported a hit and run accident occurring in the 17th and R Street garage.
UNLPD officer assisted LPD by transporting a party to jail after UNLPD officer contacted him for laying on top of a car's hood.
A vehicle was stopped near N. 10th and P St. for a traffic violation. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Violating a Traffic Control Device and MIP.
UNL student reported harassing behavior.
UNL student reported a disturbance occurring at an off campus location.
Non UNL affiliated female tried to cash a bad check at the Union Bank and Trust branch located in the Nebraska Union.
Report of fraudulent bank activity occurring off campus.
UNL student reported their bike taken from Ed Weir track area.
A non-affiliate was stopped in her vehicle for violating a stop sign. She was cited and lodged in jail for DUS.
"Two non-UNL affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited/lodged for DUS (history of FTA), and lodged on a warrant.  The passenger was cited/lodged for CCW (history of FTA), and cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance-methamphetamine (10.3 g) with Intent to Deliver."
"A UNL student was contacted reference a narcotics investigation.  The student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.8 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
UNL student reported receiving scam phone calls from Law enforcement agencies.
UNL employee reported the UNL vehicle which they drive had been keyed.
A student on bike was struck by another student operating a motor vehicle. This resulted in minor injuries to the bicyclist and $100.00 damage to the bike.
"A student fell victim to the ""IRS"" scam. $400.00 loss."
"A UNL student was contacted on a traffic stop and subsequently cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (7.0 g) < 1 Ounce, and No Headlights at Night."
"A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .148), MIP-C, Possession of a False ID, and Speeding (6-10)."
"Two UNL students were contacted on a traffic stop.  The driver was cited/released for Possession of a False ID, and Violation of a Stop Sign.  The passenger was cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .140)."
"2 UNL student were contacted on a traffic stop for Speeding.  The driver was cited/released for MIP, and Speeding (6-10).  The passenger was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.0 g) < 1 Ounce."
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Fictitious License Plates, No Operators License, and No Valid Registration."
UNL student reported a hit and run. PR was contacted and cited for the incident.
Two UNL students involved in physical altercation (non-life threatening).  No criminal action requested by either party.
Non-UNL affiliate reported a belated hit and run.
A UNL student was transported to a hospital by LFR for a possible drug overdose.
An 18 year old UNL student was transported to the hospital for non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.  No citation issued.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Aggravated DWI (BAC .184), Refuse Pre-Test, and Two Headlights Required."
"Following a disturbance, two non-UNL affiliates were contacted and cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .130, and .229).  Additionally, one of the males was cited/released for Littering and Possession of a False ID."
UNL student cited for MIP (.190 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
Non-UNL affiliate reported a UNL employee sent inappropriate messages to another person.
UNL student cited/released for MIP (.260 BAC) after being contacted outside the stadium.
A 20 year old UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .312.  The male was left in the care of a sober parent.
UNL student contacted for intoxication and transported to hospital.
Unknown person reported a hit and run accident to a parking attendant during the Husker football game.
A 19 year old non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .180.  He was left in the care of game day processing center staff.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Child Abuse after being in a parenting role in an intoxicated state (BAC .214).
Officer contacted an intoxicated juvenile at the UNL football game. Juvenile was released to their mother and a Juvenile referral was forwarded to the County Attorney for charges.
An 18 year old UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C with a BAC of .120.  The male was left in the care of game day processing center staff.
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (.9 g) < 1 Ounce.
A 21 year old UNL student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .174.
"A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DWI (BAC .106), and No Headlights at Night."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (Vyvanse) following a traffic stop.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Disobeying a Traffic Control Device and DUI >.150.
A 21 year old non-UNL affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .217.
Driver's side mirror broken while the vehicle was parked in the parking lot.
"Officer contacted an intoxicated female on campus. The female, a UNL student was placed into Civil Protective Custody and transported to The Bridge for further care."
A report of an intoxicated female at the Village apartments was made to UNLPD. A UNL student was cited/released to The Bridge for MIP-C.
A report was made to UNLPD about two intoxicated females in a UNL dorm. A UNL student and a non UNL-affiliate were transported to The Bridge due to their alcohol intoxication level.
A report of an intoxicated female near Pound Hall was made to UNLPD. A UNL student was cited/released for MIP-C.
UNL Trespass Policy Letters were given to three people who were trespassing at 2320 N 43rd St.
UNL student reported their bike taken from rack on north side of Cather Hall.
Person stopped for warrants and found to be in possession of Marijuana. Lodged for warrants and cited and released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz.
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation on the I-180 bridge. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUR, Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, No Valid Registration and Fail to Signal. The PR was lodged for an active warrant."
CSO reported two intoxicated students outside of the University Suites. The students were cited/released for MIP-C.
Chevy Silverado struck a parked Honda Accord.
Report of an item missing from inside a room.
Unknown person marked on wall with permanent marker in the Eastside Suites.
"Report of Hit and Run accident in the 19th and Vine parking garage, one student cited for Failure to Furnish Information"
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. Non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for No Headlights, No Proof of Insurance and DUS."
A vehicle was stopped for making an improper turn. Non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for Improper Turn and DUS.
UNL Police assisting the Lincoln Airport Authority with an investigation.
UNL student reported theft of cash from backpack
UNL student reported hit and run accident.
Bike taken from rack on the northwest corner of the City Union.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, and No Proof of Insurance."
A non-affiliate was cited and released for DUS subsequent to a traffic stop.
"UNL student contacted on a traffic stop and found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, no proof of insurance and no valid registration."
UNL student lost a tablet on campus.
UNL student reported a belated hit and run occurring in a UNL parking lot.
UNL student reported a hit and run in a UNL lot
UNL student reported their bike taken from rack by Abel Hall.
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS subsequent to a traffic stop.
2 students were contacted after stepping out into vehicle traffic. 1 students was cited/released for MIPC (.084 BrAC) and 1 student was placed in protective custody and cited/released to The Bridge for MIPC (.234 BrAC).
"2 students were contacted after they were displaying behavior consistent with high levels of intoxication. Their welfare was checked by Officers. 1 student was cited/released for MIPC (.167 BrAC) and 1 student was placed in protective custody, cited for MIPC (.252 BrAC) and transported to The Bridge."
"Non UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/lodged for possession of a controlled substance and possession of marijuana < 1oz, and cited/released for speeding."
UNL student reported the theft of their bicycle.
Male student had non-consensual sexual intercourse with a female student in a dorm room.
UNL student contacted on a traffic stop after an ATL was read for their vehicle reference a hit and run. Driver found to be intoxicated and cited for DUI > .150 and refuse chemical test. Passenger taken to Detox reference intoxication.
UNL student contacted and transported to hospital reference intoxication. (.319 BAC)
UNL student contact for possible narcotics use. Student cited for possession of marijuana and possession of paraphernalia.
A report of marijuana emitting from a vehicle near 14th and R Street. A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UNLPD and LFR responded to a report of a possible alcohol poisoning.
UNLPD officer contacted vehicle on traffic stop and found driver (non-UNL) to be intoxicated. (cited for DUI .143 BAC). Two passengers also cited for MIP (one UNL student .098 BAC and one Non-UNL .020 BAC)
Non-UNL affiliate contacted and found to be intoxicated and transported to The Bridge (.234 BAC)
A student was contacted as he was vomiting by Memorial Stadium. He was cited/released for MIPC (.016 BrAC).
2 students were contacted due to behavior consistent with high levels of intoxication. Both were cited/released for MIPC (.237 BrAC and .153 BrAC).
A student reports the theft of a fraternity lawn mower from a wood shed. Loss estimated at $75.00.
"Non-UNL affiliate, who has a ban and bar notice, was contacted in the Union.  He was cited/released for Trespassing."
A non-student was contacted for violating a UNL Ban and Bar Notice. He was cited/released for Trespassing.
"Four UNL students cited for MIP (.130, .086, .168 & refused).  One was taken to The Bridge."
A non-UNL affiliate was transported by LFR to a local hospital due to alcohol intoxication.
UNL student was transported to Bryan West for intoxication.
Non UNL affiliate contacted for intoxication and taken to The Bridge (.252 BAC).
A vehicle was stopped at N. 14th and R St. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for No Headlights and DUS.
UNL student contacted for showing signs of intoxication.  Cited for MIP (.238 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
Non-student contacted after a traffic sign violation.  Cited for DWI > .15 and taken to The Bridge (.218 BAC).
Non-student found to be intoxicated (.185 BAC) and transported to The Bridge.
A UNL student was contacted near N. 17th and R St. Student was cited/released for MIP-C.
iPad was reported as being lost or stolen from the building.
UNLPD received a belated report of a sexual assault occurring on campus. Victim wishes to remain anonymous at this time.
A report of possible narcotics in a UNL parking garage. A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and CCW.
Two UNL students were contacted in a UNL parking lot. A UNL student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Pills were located inside of a found purse.
Report of someone gaining unauthorized access into an office. Nothing determined to be missing.
UNL student reported damage to their vehicle. After viewing cameras the damage did no occur on UNL property. Case inactive pending new information
UNL student reported their iPod shuffle and other items taken from their backpack at Abel Hall.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation near N. 17th and Y St. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for a defective headlight and Possession of Marijuana < 1oz.
A report of a trespass in progress at UNL's Love Library. A non-UNL affiliate was given a UNL Trespass Policy Letter and escorted from the building.
Report of concerning behavior toward an UNL student.
UNL student reported unauthorized activity on her debit card.
"Vehicle stopped at 21st and Y street for stop sign violation. A probable cause search revealed an open bottle of rum. Driver cited for MIP, Open Container and Stop Sign Violating, passenger cited for MIP and Open Container."
"A non-UNL affiliate (driver) ran from a traffic stop on foot. The individual was apprehended and transported to Lancaster County Corrections. He was cited/lodged for Criminal Impersonation, DUS and cited/released for Obstruction, Open Container and Straddling Lane Lines."
UNLPD and LFR were dispatched to a medical emergency at Abel Hall. A UNL student had minor right side abdominal pain and was ultimately transported to a local hospital for further care by a friend.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation near N. AVP and Military. A non-UNL affiliate was cited/lodged for False Statement and cited/released for Failure to Signal Lane Change and No Valid Operator's License.
UNL student reporting losing their passport.
UNL student report losing their passport.
A male student continued to make unwelcome advances toward a female student after being told she was not interested in his affections.
A student reports having their peace disturbed by another student. The investigation is on-going.
A student reports another student posting about them on social media. The investigation is on-going.
Veiled threats sent via text message to a UNL student.  No action requested by the RP at this time.  Investigation is on-going.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (amphetamine).  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.8 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Improper Turn."
A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS.
"A non-UNL affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, and No Proof of Insurance."
A non-UNL affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Two vehicle (non-injury) accident occurring in a UNL lot.
Anonymous report of a belated sexual assault.
A male student attempted to sexually assault a female student.
UNL staff reported wall mounted tablet was damaged by unknown means.
An intoxicated 18 year old UNL student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .163).
UNL student involved/cited for hit and run accident.
A student reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. The damage is estimated at $500.00.
Student reported being hit in the face while playing basketball in the Coliseum.
"Following a disturbance, a non-U of N affiliate was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .205.  He was cited/released for MIP-C, Trespassing, False Reporting, and Disturbing the Peace."
A Nebraska student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .156).
An 18 year old Nebraska student was cited/released to a sober party for MIP-C (No BAC).
"Two Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .082, and .207).  One student was transported to The Bridge for safe detox."
An 18 year old Nebraska student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .122).
A Nebraska student (Kearney Campus) was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance with Intent to Deliver within 1000' feet of a School.
"A Nebraska student was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (.4 g cocaine).  Cited/released for Aggravated DWI (BAC .201), Refuse Chemical Test, and Careless Driving"
A student was cited for MIPC (.039 BrAC).
Medical emergency occurring in the area of Stadium and T Street.
A UPD Officer contacted two intoxicated females outside of Memorial Stadium during the football game. Two Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP-C.
Student cited for MIP at the football game.
A student was cited/released for MIPC and False Reporting at Memorial Stadium (.198 BrAC).
"A UPD Officer contacted a male for littering outside of Memorial Stadium during the football game. A Nebraska student was cited/released for Littering, MIP-C and False Information."
A UPD Officer contacted an intoxicated male during the football game. A non-affiliate was cited/released to the processing center for MIP-C.
Student arrested for domestic Assault 3rd Degree and lodged.
Non Nebraska affiliate reported unknown person took their iPhone at the football game
Nebraska student contacted for showing signs of intoxication.  He was cited for MIP (.204 BAC) and released to a sober person.
A non-affiliate was contacted for sleeping in a building. They were subsequently banned and barred from campus.
"Contacted person who is ban and barred from Nebraska campus, cited and released for 1st Degree Trespassing."
Student reported a vehicle had hit their vehicle while it was parked.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation near N. AVP and Vine St. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Failure to Signal Lane Change and DUR.
A report of an intoxicated female occurring at Sandoz Hall. A non affiliate was cited/released for MIP-C and Acts Declared Unlawful (Fake ID). Transported to The Bridge for further care.
A non-U of N affiliate was cited/released for DUS and Two Headlights Required at Night.
An 18 year old Nebraska student was transported to a hospital by LFR after suffering non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
A UPD Officer contacted an intoxicated male. A non-affiliate was placed into civil protective custody due to alcohol intoxication and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A non-U of N affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .361.
A 19 year old non-U of N affiliate was cited/released for MIP after being observed on campus carrying a bottle of alcohol.
A belated report of a lost cell phone was made to UPD. A non- affiliate reported their cell phone lost possibly in the area of N. 17th and R St.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A Nebraska student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Student was victim of 3rd Degree Domestic Assault off campus.
Hit and run occurred in a parking lot. Minimal damage.
Non affiliate reported threating behavior which occurred in Omaha.
Non Nebraska student reported a 3rd degree sexual assault occurring in Memorial Stadium.
Student hit by car while riding bicycle in north lot of the Health Center.
"Vehicle stopped for running red light, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS and released."
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Non-university affiliated wrote a check on a closed account to the University of Nebraska.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Officer identified driver to be suspended using MDT. Cited/released for DUS
Officer identified an individual to have an active warrant using MDT. A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for Possession of a controlled Substance and the active warrant. Cited/released for Tampering with Evidence.
Officer contacted an intoxicated male in at a University of Nebraska residence hall. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP.
UPD received to the report of concerning behavior involving a Nebraska student.
UPD received the report of a belated disturbance.
UPD received the report of a belated sexual assault; victim does not wish to proceed with a criminal investigation at this time.
Fence and other property damaged by unknown person(s).
Student reported harassing behavior occurring off campus by a non-affiliate
Non affiliate given trespass policy letter for being in Varner hall parking lot.
Student reported their bike taken form the area of Smith Hall.
"Two students were contacted on a traffic stop.  One cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.6 g) < 1 Ounce, and Drug Paraphernalia.  One cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
An 18 year old student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .222).
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.5 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Fail to Signal Turn."
UPD received the report of suspicious activity.
Report received that possible narcotics activity is occurring on Campus.
Student reported harassment over the internet.
Faculty member reported a USRP B210 radio board taken from room in Schorr Center.
Single vehicle accident caused damage to a University sign.
Fraternity reported damage to their roof caused by another fraternity.
A student reports the theft of their computer and US Currency. Total loss estimated at $1600.00
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.5 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Two Headlights Required."
An 18 year old student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .217.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
Staff member damaged gate arm of parking garage while driving. Issue handled by parking services.
Staff member reported the theft of a sweatshirt out of his work closet.
Students reported a belated burglary from their fraternity.
A student reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. The damage is estimated at $750.00.
A 2 vehicle accident between 2 University Affiliates resulted in damage to both vehicles.
A staff member reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. The damage is estimated at $500.00.
An 18 year old student was transported to a hospital by LFR with non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
A belated disturbance was reported to UPD involving two students.  Investigation continues.
A 19 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .222.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
An 18 year old student was transported to a hospital by LFR with non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
A non-Nebraska affiliate was cited/released for Possession of a False ID.
Student cited for Minor in Possession-Consumption
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation near N. 13th and R St. A non-affiliate (driver) was cited/released for DUI < .150 and No Headlights After Dark. A non-affiliate (passenger) was cited/released for MIP-C.
"Vehicle stopped at 9th and S Street, driver found to be revoked. Driver citer for Driving while Revoked and No Insurance."
Officers contacted five males near N. 17th and Holdrege. Five Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation near AVP and N. 17th St. A non-affiliate (driver) was found to have an active warrant (lodged). The driver was also cited/released for possession of marijuana < 1oz. and possession of drug paraphernalia . A passenger was cited and released for possession of drug paraphernalia.
Report of two rings lost or stolen that occurred in the CBA.
Report of an email that had some disturbing content.
Nebraska student reported concerning behavior of another Nebraska student that has occurred at off campus locations.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Failing to Signal Turn and DUS.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. The front passenger was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. 2nd Offense and a rear passenger was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. Both are non-affiliates.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
Graffiti was on handicapped ramp at M & N building.
Intoxicated person taken from the City Union to The Bridge and turned over to staff with a BAC of .304.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and lodged for two active warrants.
Officer contacted two Nebraska students in Abel Hall regarding a narcotics report. One student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. They were lodged for Violating a Protection Order and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana > 1 oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for Criminal Impersonation and cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer, and Resisting Arrest."
Nebraska staff reported the theft of their bicycle from a bike rack.
Student left their tablet in a restroom stall and when they returned it was missing.
Nebraska employee reported receiving disturbing telephone calls.
"Student found to be in possession of a fake drivers license, cited and released for same."
Information to be passed onto the Dean of Students.
Student reported larceny of their bike by Animal Sciences building.
An 18 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .186.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
A 20 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .252.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
"Five students (under 21 yoa) were contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .087, .097, .116, .133, and REF).  Additionally, one of the students provided several false names to police and was lodged for False Statements."
"An 18 year old student was contacted on a traffic stop and determined to be impaired by alcohol.  Cited/released to The Bridge for DWI, MIP-C, Refuse Chemical Test, Refuse Pre-Test, and FTOTCD (No BAC available)."
An intoxicated 21 year old non-affiliate was cited/lodged for Trespassing-1st Degree due to no ties to the community.
Belated report of miscellaneous items taken from room.
Nebraska staff reported observing a hit and run accident.
One non-affiliate and one student were transported to a local hospital in regards to a drug overdose.  Medical conditions of the individuals are non-life threatening at this time.  Investigation continues.
"Two 18 year old students were cited/released for MIP, and Possession of Marijuana (2.9 g) < 1 Ounce."
An 18 year old student was cited/released to a sober party for MIP-C (BAC .144).
A non-affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .233.
"A student was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released to The Bridge for DWI (BAC .152), and Improper Turn."
"A student and three non-affiliates (including one juvenile) were cited/released for MIP (BACs: .000, .127, .146, and .181).  The juvenile was transported to The Bridge.  The student was additionally cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Student contacted by UPD and LFR reference alcohol poisoning. Party transported to hospital for treatment. (.192 BAC.)
Officer's contacted two individuals during the football game. Two Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP-C.
"Student lodged for Obstruct a Peace Officer, cited and released for Minor In Possession of Alcohol-Consumption and Fake ID/Acts Declared Unlawful."
Damage to vehicle while making an arrest.
Officer's contacted two intoxicated individuals during the football game. Two Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP-C.
Officer's contacted an intoxicated individual during the football game. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C.
Student lodged in jail for Obstructing a Peace Officer
Officer's contacted an intoxicated individual during the football game. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C.
A report of an assault occurring at Love Library. A Nebraska student reported that he was assaulted by an unknown male. Investigation is ongoing.
"A non-affiliate was contacted as a passenger on a traffic stop and found to have an active warrant.  The male was also cited/lodged for Protection Order Violation-2nd Offense, and Criminal Impersonation."
"A 20 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .340.  Cited/released for MIP, and Minor Misrepresenting Age."
A 21 year old student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge was a BAC of .368.
"A 20 year old student was transported to The Bridge was a BAC of .308.  Cited/released for MIP-C, and Possession of a False ID."
Unknown person enter Bowlin Stadium and stole several items.
Unknown person pouring coffee on the walls of the 14th and Avery parking garage causing damage.
Student reported someone attempted to enter their vehicle.
A report of a belated bike tire theft. A Nebraska student report a belated theft of his rented bike's front tire occurring at the 50/50 building. Investigation continues.
Found wallet with several fake ID's in it.
Student report items stolen from their room.
A vehicle was stopped for speeding. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Speeding and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Non-university affiliate injured his arm and was transported to a hospital for further treatment.
Backpack and contents stolen from the second floor south stacks in the library.
Student reported injury while working for UPD.
A report of a disturbance in the area of N17th St. and Q St. A non-affiliate was placed into civil protective custody due to alcohol intoxication and transported to The Bridge for further care.
UPD officers contacted a male who was yelling profanities at UPD staff. No citations issued.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate (passenger) was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. The driver was lodged due to an active warrant.
Window broken in the 19th and Vine parking garage possible by a projectile.
Staff member received disturbing phone call
A report of a vehicle being driven into a University owned bean field. Investigation is ongoing.
A report of a hit and run occurring at the 50/50 garage.
A report of a student needing medical attention at Husker Hall. Investigation revealed a Nebraska student was extremely impaired due to marijuana use. Student was transported to a local hospital for further care.
A vehicle was stopped for a broken taillight. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Officer identified driver to be suspended using MDT. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS/No Proof of Financial Responsibility.
Bicycle stolen from inside of the building.
University staff reported finding a disturbing sign taped to the ground.
Staff member reported books taken from their office.
Student  reported a hit and run accident occurring in the 50/50 garage.
A student was cited/released for stealing a bicycle.
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.5 g) < 1 Ounce, and Failure to Signal."
"A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for Criminal Impersonation (no ties to the community).  Cited/released for No Operators License, and No Headlights at Night."
"A non-affiliate was contacted as a passenger on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.33 Ounces) > 1 Ounce > 1 Pound, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Non injury accident occurring in a university lot.
Staff member reported a possible disturbance between two students.
University owned vehicle involved in an accident.
Nebraska student reported receiving possible threats from a family member.
Student reported the theft of her backpack from the stack area of the library.
A student reports fraudulent charges on their account. The loss is $821.20.
"2 Nebraska students were contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for MIP.  Additionally, one student was cited for Possession of an Open Alcohol Container."
A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS and No Proof of Insurance.
"A Nebraska student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.5 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia following a narcotics complaint."
"Two non-affiliated minors were contacted on a traffic stop.  The Driver (BAC .028) was cited/released for .02 Violation, MIP, Open Alcohol Container, Possession of a False ID, and Violate Stop Sign.  The passenger (BAC .164) was cited/released for MIP, and Open Alcohol Container."
"Two Nebraska students were contacted reference a narcotics complaint.  One student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (6.1 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  The 2nd student was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"Four minor Nebraska students were contacted on a traffic stop where alcohol was located in the vehicle.  Three students were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .118, .213, and .220).  The fourth student was cited/released for MIP (BAC: .000)."
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and found to be intoxicated.  Cited/released to The Bridge with a BAC of .179 for Aggravated DWI, Refuse Pre-Test, and Violate Stop Sign."
Student cited for leaving the scene of an accident after striking a parking garage gate arm and leaving.
Student reported the loss of their card holder and contents on campus.
A 2 vehicle non-injury accident involving 1 student and 1 non-affiliate. Total damage estimated at $1250.00.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, and No Proof of Insurance."
"Vehicle stopped for stop sign violation, Marijuana found in vehicle. Driver cither for Possession of Marijuana < 1 ox. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released."
A 24 year old student was suspected of DWI (BAC: .130-PBT).  Case has been referred to the City Attorney for possible prosecution due to equipment malfunction.
An 18 year old student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .151.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
"Two minor Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .034, and .135-partial).  One student was transported to The Bridge for a safe detoxification."
An 18 year old student was transported by LFR to a hospital with non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning (BAC: .238).  No citations issued at this time.
A 19 year old student was transported to a hospital for possible alcohol poisoning.  The student was later transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .230.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
"A student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.0 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Student report the loss of their ID and other items.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (32 g) < 1 Ounce > 1 Pound, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited for DUS.  He was transported to Corrections and lodged reference an active warrant.
"A student was contacted and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.6 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, and Violate Stop Sign."
UPD made aware of a video on social media that caused concern (non-threatening).
A report of a belated theft occurring at a Nebraska Fraternity. Phi Kappa Psi reported a theft of their class composite and a pool stick. Investigation continues.
A report of a suicidal party via an online help line. A Nebraska student believed to be the party responsible for the post was found to be fine and not to be a danger to themselves.
A report of an intoxicated male at Love Library. A non-affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge for further care. The individual was also issued a University Trespass Policy Letter.
Non-affiliate reported a paint sprayer taken from construction cite at new CBA  building.
Student reported their  bike taken form Eastside  Suites.
Tire punctured while vehicle parked in Beadle lot.
Student reported their bike taken from racks by Nebraska Hall.
Pallet jack taken from the East Union.
A report of a belated sexual assault. A non-affiliate reported being sexually assaulted by another non-affiliate at Abel Hall. Investigation is ongoing.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A Nebraska student was cited/released for Acts Declared Unlawful (Fake ID).
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for No Proof of Financial Responsibility, Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Unknown person(s) used a BB gun to damage windows.
University staff member reported on-going harassment (occurring off campus).
Vehicle stopped for running a red light. Driver gave name of his bother. Driver lodged for Criminal Impersonation and also lodged for two warrants.
Vehicle stopped at 17th and X Street. Driver found to be suspended and cited for same.
student reported their bike taken  from rack by Husker Hall.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate (driver) was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana <1oz. No Operator's License and Improper turn. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Open Container and lodged for two warrants.
A student reported his wallet and contents missing.
Unknown person took an item from the Nebraska Bookstore.
UPD received the report of a concerning telephone call.  Investigation revealed no criminal violation; safety planning completed.
Student reported their bike seat taken by Whittier.
"Non affiliate contacted in CYT Library, refused to ID themselves. Party arrested for Resisting Arrest and lodged, and cited and released for Obstructing a Police Officer"
Non affiliate contacted in C Y T library for sleeping. Suspect then fought officers. Suspect cited and lodged for 3rd Degree Assault on an Officer.
Two trash cans were discovered to be damaged by unknown means.  No investigative leads identified.  Landscape services notified.  Case inactive.
"Three Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP (BACs: .034, .095, and .171).  Two of the students were also cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 Ounce.  The third student was additionally cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Nebraska student reported receiving harassing text messages.
Student issued citation for Minor In Possession of Alcoholic in Abel Hall.
Student accidentally turned on fire suppression system in a room in Architecture Hall.
University of Nebraska student cited for Minor in Possession of Alcohol.
A 20 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .237.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
Non University affiliate was contacted at a concert was cited for MIP-C (.221 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
Non university affiliate was cited for MIP (.151 BAC) and taken to The Bridge.
An 18 year old student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge (Ref. BAC).  Cited/released for MIP-C and Refusal to Sign Citation.
A student reports losing his wallet and contents. Total loss estimated at $60.00.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. Four Nebraska students were cited/released for MIP-C.
A report of an intoxicated female at Schramm Hall. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A non affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/lodged for criminal impersonation.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (4.0 g) < 1 Ounce.
"A student's vehicle fell victim to a hit and run.  Estimated damage between $5,000-$10,000."
"After interfering with a police investigation, a 20 year old student was transported to The Bridge (Ref. BAC).  Cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer, MIP-C, and Possess False ID."
Non-Nebraska Affiliate issued trespass policy letter.
A 2nd hand report of a domestic disturbance between 2 students. The investigation is on-going.
A student was contacted for urinating in public.  Cited/released for Littering.
A 21 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .153.  Cited/released for Littering/Urinating in Public.
An intoxicated 19 year old student was cited/released for MIP-C (NO BAC).  Released to a sober party.
A 19 year old student was transported to a hospital by LFR for symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
"A non-affiliate reports the theft of his vehicle. The vehicle was recovered by UPD unoccupied approximately 14 hours after it was taken. Total loss/recovered estimated at $5,400.00."
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. They were cited/released for DUS and Failure to Signal.
"A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Insurance, and Defective Signal Equipment following a traffic stop."
A student was cited/released for DUS during the course of a traffic stop.
Report of concerning letter received by University Affiliate.
"Driver stopped at 19th and Vine for no taillight. Driver found to be suspended, cited for same."
"A report of an intoxicated female at Abel hall. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge for further care.,"
A report of two individuals smoking marijuana in a University parking lot. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A report of a belated theft received from a local heating and air company. A theft of a wire feed welder taken from a fraternity on campus. Investigation is ongoing.
Contacted intoxicated non affiliate who was transported to Bryan West by LFR.
UPD Officer contacted a party during a performance at the Lied. A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for Trespassing as he had been previously been Ban & Barred from campus. The individual was also cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for No Valid Operator's License, No Proof of Financial Responsibility, Possession of Marijuana < 1oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
University staff member reported property damage to a retaining wall caused by a street sweeper.
Belated report of lost/stolen iPad.
A student reports concerning behavior from another student. The investigation is on-going.
A student reports hit and run damage to their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $500.00.
"Vehicle stopped for no valid registration, marijuana was found in vehicle. Driver cited for Possession of Marijuana >1oz, and No Valid Registration and released."
Nebraska student reported a hit and run accident to their vehicle.
Assisted LPD with a disturbance at Casey's 1200 N. 10th..
"A student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.0 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A student was contacted reference possible narcotics activity and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.6 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Nebraska student reported a hit and run possibly occurring on campus.
"Nebraska staff member reported witnessing a possible hit and run accident. UPD was able to contact the possible victim, but no damage was located."
"A non affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop. They were lodged for False Statements and 4 warrants, also cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
A student reports losing their wedding ring at an unknown location. The exact loss amount is unknown at this time.
UPD received the report of possible trespassing incidents (belated).
A student reported the theft of her bicycle.  Total loss estimated at $200.
A 21 year old non-affiliate was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .212.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/lodged for Driving under Revocation-Felony.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  Numerous items consistent with the usage and sales of controlled substances were located.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (22.0 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, DUS, and Fail to Signal.  Investigation continues."
A 20 year old University of Nebraska student (Omaha) was transported to The Bridge (BAC: .173) and cited/released for MIP-C.
A student reports the loss of their bike and lock. Total loss is estimated at $787.13.
Nebraska student reported their rear bicycle tire was damaged while it was locked to a bike rack on campus.
Nebraska staff member activated the fire alarm due to smoke and smell of fire. Cause was determined to be an air handling unit.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS.
A student reports receiving harassing messages from a non-student. The non-student was contacted and told to cease their behavior.
A student unintentionally broke a parking gate arm with their vehicle. Damage is estimated at $50.00.
A non-student was contacted on a traffic stop and lodged in jail for Criminal Impersonation. They were also cited/released for DUS.
Parking Services reports a garage gate arm damaged by an unknown person. Damage estimated at $900.00.
A 20 year old student was transported to a local hospital by LFR for non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.  No citations issued.
An 18 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .198.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
"An 18 year old University of Nebraska (Kearney) student was cited/lodged for Criminal Mischief $500-$1500 after vandalizing seven vehicles.  Cited/released for MIP-C (BAC .098), Possession of Marijuana (0.2 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
UPD attempted to check welfare of a staff member due to reports of self harm from a third party.
A student was cited/released for MIPC. Their BrAC was .210.
UPD Officer contacted an intoxicated male during the football game. A non-affiliated was cited/released for MIP.
UPD Officer contacted an intoxicated male during the football game. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C.
"One non-affiliate, and one student (minors) were contacted due to intoxication and ultimately cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .238, and .268)."
A student was cited/released for MIPC (.260 BrAC).
A football vendor reports the theft of an autographed football valued at $100.00. The investigation is on-going.
A report of an intoxicated male at the football game. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C.
Nebraska student found passed out in a bathroom by HSS dining staff. Student cited for MIP-C and turned over to sober party. (.203 BAC)
"Following a narcotics complaint, a 20 year old student was cited/released for MIP."
A report of an intoxicated male near the stadium parking garage. A Nebraska student was placed into civil protective custody due to alcohol intoxication and transported to The Bridge for further care.
A student reported the theft of his bicycle and lock.  Total loss estimated at $200.
An 18 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .175.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
Bicycle lock was cut and a bicycle was stolen from a bike rack.
Case inactive pending new information
University of Nebraska student reported a disturbance after ending a relationship.
Backpack and contents stolen from inside the building.
Bicycle and bike lock stolen from the bike racks on the northeast corner of the building.
A non-affiliate reported possible safety concerns involving a Nebraska student.  The student was contacted; no law violation and/or concerns were discovered.
Vehicle driven by a University of Nebraska student damaged a parking sign.
A report of a belated sexual assault occurring on campus. A Nebraska student reported being sexually assaulted by a non-affiliate. Investigation is on going.
A report of a suspicious male occurring at Sandoz Hall. A non-affiliate was contacted and given a trespass policy letter.
A UPD Officer contacted an intoxicated female. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C and transported to The Bridge for further care.
Report of Twitter threats towards a Nebraska student.
UPD received the belated report of the concerning behavior of a University of Nebraska student.  An investigation revealed no law violations and/or immediate safety concerns.
Student reported their Apple iPhone taken from a class room on Campus.
Student reported their bike taken from the rack by Burr Hall.
Student cited for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and released.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/lodged for DUS and multiple active warrants. The non-affiliate was also cited/released for Fictitious Plates and No Valid Registration.
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1oz, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and No Valid Registration."
Non-university affiliate was cited and lodged for 3rd degree sexual assault and cited/released for trespassing after grabbing a student in the Love Library Commons.
Third hand report of belated disturbance which was investigated by LPD.
A student reports that another student has been harassing him.
"A non-affiliate was cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated 2nd offense DWI (BAC: .183), Straddle Lane Lines, and No Headlights at Night."
Vandalism reported to a vehicle.  Estimated $500 in damages.  Suspect identified.
"A 19 year old student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.8 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and MIP."
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.5 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"Two minor students were contacted reference a narcotics complaint and cited/released for MIP.  Additionally, one student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.1 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A student reports the unauthorized use of, and damage to, his vehicle. Damage is estimated at $600.00."
A student reports the theft of 2 debits cards from her vehicle. Both have been recovered.
A student reports the theft of his bike and bike lock. Total loss is estimated at $210.00.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUS, Use of a Handheld Wireless Communication Device-Prohibited, and Negligent Driving."
"A non-affiliate driver was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  A non-affiliate passenger was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (0.8 g methamphetamine), and cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"Two minor students were cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .130, and .166)."
"Two minor students were contacted as passengers on a traffic stop and cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .176, and .249).  One student was transported to The Bridge."
Non-university affiliate was lodged for theft and criminal impersonation after taking an Iphone from a Nebraska student and providing a false name.
An 18 year old student was transported to The Bridge and cited/released for MIP-C (BAC: .179).
UPD received the report of a possible belated theft.  Investigation ongoing.
UPD received the report of a belated disturbance.  Investigation continues.
Two vehicle non-reportable accident occurring in a parking garage.
Two students cited/released for MIP (.256 & .076 BAC).
"One student  was cited/released for driving at night without headlights, MIP, and possession of a fake ID. Two others cited for MIP (.099 & .087 BAC)."
Student cited for MIP-C (.213 BAC) and Littering (Urinating in Public) and taken to The Bridge.
University of Nebraska student suffering alcohol poisoning was transported to Bryan West for further treatment.
Report of scratches on the drivers side door of vehicle.
Student reported a man with a knife in the area of the Law College Student parking lot.
Window damaged on the west side of the building by unknown means.
Report of pink plastic charity box was taken for the front lobby of the 50/50 Building.
Student reported their bike taken from the racks west of Abel Hall
Student reported they lost a North Face jacket in the 50/50 Garage.
UPD received report of concerns regarding University of Nebraska student.
Four non-UNL affiliate juveniles were referred to juvenile court for Criminal Mischief and one non-UNL affiliate was cited and released for Criminal Mischief after damaging a telescope.
"Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C, False Information and transported to The Bridge (.216 BAC)."
Non-student  was cited and released to The Bridge for DUI >0.15- Aggravated (.191 BAC) and Disobey Traffic Control Device.
Non-university vehicle's window was broken out by unknown suspect(s).
UPD assisted another law enforcement agency regarding the investigation of a non-University affiliate.
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DUS, No Proof of Financial Responsibility and Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. 2nd Offense."
A motorcycle fled from a traffic stop.
A report of possible narcotics use in a university parking garage. A Nebraska student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and MIP.
University of Nebraska employee caused a disturbance in a food service area.
A request to check the welfare of a current student.
"A student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (3.5 g ) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A stolen vehicle was recovered in Sarpy Co., NE with a suspect in custody.  Investigation continues."
"A student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint and cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (2.9 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Staff member reported damage to plant identification label signs.
UPD received the report of a suspicious letter; an investigation yielded no immediate concerns.  A suspect has been identified.
Non affiliate contacted about a disturbance and found to be in possession of methamphetamine. Cited and lodged for Controlled Substance and cited and released for possession of Marijuana less than one oz.
Report of student possible causing a disturbance on Campus.
A male attempted to force a female to perform oral sex on him without her consent.
University staff member received a disturbing letter.
"Vehicle stopped for no plates or paper, driver found to be suspended and had a warrant. Drive cited for DUS and lodged in jail for warrant."
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Violation of a Traffic Signal.
"A student was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of a False ID, Violation of Stop Sign, and Prohibited Lane Change."
"An intoxicated 19 year old student was cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer, Possession of a False ID, and Littering-Urinating in Public (No BAC)."
"A student was contacted reference a narcotics complaint and subsequently cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.4 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A student was contacted reference a narcotics violation.  Cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.2 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop.  Transported to Corrections for an active warrant.  Cited/released for DUR, and No Proof of Insurance."
Student taken from Rec Center to Bryan West for injury to left shoulder.
A female student was forced to perform oral sex on a male student without her full consent.
Report of a two vehicle non injury accident Burr Hall parking lot.
Report of grill on fire by Miller Hall.
Received report on UNL tip line of check welfare of a student.
UPD received report of concerns regarding University employee.  The employee was contacted on a welfare check; no concerns discovered.
An 18 year old student was transported to a local hospital by LFR for non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning.
"Five minors (3 students) were cited/released for MIP following a noise disturbance.  One student was additionally cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (1.1 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and determined to be impaired.  Cited/released to The Bridge for Aggravated DWI, and Fail to Signal Turn (BAC: .177)."
Possible larceny from motor vehicle observed.  Unable to locate PR(s) or victim at this time.  Investigation continues.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (21.5 g) < 1 Ounce, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, No Operators License, and No Headlights after Dark."
An intoxicated 18 year old student was contacted on a check welfare and ultimately transported to The Bridge for safe detoxification.  No citations issued.  No BAC available.
University employee was arrested by the Lancaster County Sheriff's Office.
Student report their bike taken by Memorial Stadium
"Student reported their backpack and IPad taken, student latter called and said that he found items in the lost and found."
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate passenger was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and lodged for an active warrant.
Staff member reported concerns that they have about a student.
Two vehicle non injury accident by Greenhouse 1 one East Campus.
Student reported that two persons tried to take his bike at East Campus Rec Center
A narcotics complaint occurring in a university parking lot. Two Nebraska students were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
UPD received the report of a belated sexual assault.
UPD received the report of a belated sexual assault.
"A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for DUR, and Failure to Signal Movement within 100 Feet."
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and lodged for two active warrants.  Cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Negligent Driving.
"Contacted U of N staff member on a welfare check, everything ok."
Student reported their bike taken in the area of Canfield.
Report of vandalism to restroom in Filley Hall.
Student reported hazing.
"Vehicle stopped for no front plate, driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for DUS, no valid registration and improper display of plates and released."
A student was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.3 g) < 1 Ounce.
A non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A 19 year old student was contacted due to intoxication.  The female was transported to The Bridge with a partial BAC of .148.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
Staff member reported that a student had received disturbing e-mail
UPD received the report of a belated disturbance.
Alcohol related disturbance reported to UPD.  No citations issued.
An 18 year old student was transported to an area hospital by LFR for non-life threatening symptoms consistent with alcohol poisoning (no citations issued).
An intoxicated 18 year old female (BAC: .186) was contacted on a check welfare and left with a sober party.  No citations issued.
A 23 year old non-affiliate was contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for possessing an Open Alcohol Container in a motor vehicle.
Two non-affiliates were contacted on a traffic stop and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (0.9 g) < 1 Ounce.
"One student and one non-affiliate cited/released for MIP-C (BACs: .124, and .290).  The non-affiliate was transported to The Bridge."
"One student and one non-affiliate were transported to The Bridge (BACs: .160, and .163) and cited/released for MIP-C."
"Four University students were contacted and ultimately cited/released for Possession of Marijuana (6.6 g) < 1 Ounce, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
"2 minor students were contacted following a disturbance and ultimately transported to The Bridge (BACs: .170, and .200).  Both parties cited/released for MIP-C."
A 22 year old student was placed into civil protective custody and transported to The bridge with a BAC of .209.
"Two students were contacted on a traffic stop and cited/released for Possession of False ID, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Additionally, one non-affiliate was cited/released for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia."
Damage to a window reported by a CSO.  $200 estimated repair cost.  Case made inactive.
A student's engagement ring was reported missing.
A report of an intoxicated male during the football game. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP-C and turned over to the processing center.
A female student was contacted who appeared to be under the influence of narcotics.  She was transported to a hospital by Lincoln Fire & Rescue.
"A report of an intoxicated female during the football game. A non-affiliate was placed into civil protective custody due to alcohol intoxication, cited/released for littering and turned over to processing."
A 20 year old University student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .102.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
A intoxicated Nebraska student who ran from Officers at the football game was ultimately cited/released for MIP-C and Obstructing a Police Officer.
"Two students were contacted for intoxication and were subsequently cited/released for Obstructing a Peace Officer, and MIP-C.  One student was cited/lodged for Possession of a Controlled Substance (Alprazolam)."
"University student discovered to be under the age of 21 and extremely intoxicated (.238 BAC). He was ultimately cited/released for MIP-C, and Obstructing a Peace Officer. Transported to The Bridge."
"A non University of Nebraska affiliate was contacted at the football game for intoxication. Party taken to Bridge and cited for MIP-C."
An 18 year old University student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .200.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
"Two students contacted at football game for being intoxicated. One cited and released for MIP-C, and the other cited and released for MPI-C and False Statements."
A mental health investigation was conducted involving a student.  The student was not deemed to be an immediate threat to herself or others.
An intoxicated 19 year old student was contacted on a check welfare.  No immediate health concerns were identified (BAC: .154).  No citations issued.
Welfare check of a student who called UPD.  Alcohol was a factor in this incident and University Housing was informed.
A 19 year old student was transported to The Bridge with a BAC of .192.  Cited/released for MIP-C.
Bicycle stolen from the racks on the north side of the building.
Student reported bike taken from rack by Smith Hall
Vehicle stopped for no headlights at night. Driver found to be suspended. Driver cited for Driving while Revoked and No Proof of Insurance and released.
A report of possible narcotics use occurring at a university dorm room. A Nebraska student was cited/released for MIP and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
A belated report of sexual harassment was made to UPD. A Nebraska student received several sexually lewd text messages from an unknown person. Investigation continues.
Drywall damaged by unknown means.
Two students reported verbal disturbance in the area of 17th and Vine.
"A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for MIP, Open Container and Failure to Signal Turn."
A vehicle was stopped for expired in-transits. A Nebraska student and a non-affiliate were cited/released for Possession of Marijuana and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. The driver also was cited for No Valid Registration.
"Check welfare on student, student said they were fine."
Students reported unknown person entered their room and took several items.
University student taken to The Bridge and cited for MIP (.228 BAC) and False ID after being contacted for intoxication during a basketball game.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A Nebraska student was cited/released for Possession of Marijuana < 1 oz. Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Violating a Traffic Control Signal.
A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. A non-affiliate was cited/released for DWI and No Headlights After Dark.
Belated incident of graffiti in the men's restroom.
Student reported damage to their TV
Student reported they lost their wallet on City Campus.
